variable	variable2	values	mappedTerm	valueOrder
abdominalpain	abdominalpain	0	No	
abdominalpain	abdominalpain	1	Yes	
abdominalpain	abdominalpain	9	Unable to assess	
alphathal	alphathal	0	Wild type	
alphathal	alphathal	1	Heterozygous	
alphathal	alphathal	2	Homozygous	
anorexia	anorexia	0	No	
anorexia	anorexia	1	Yes	
anorexia	anorexia	9	Unable to assess	
anymalaria	anymalaria	0	No	
anymalaria	anymalaria	1	Yes	
anymalaria	anymalaria	9	:::UNDEF:::	
bankacco	bankacco	yes	Yes	
bankacco	bankacco	no	No	
bed	bed	yes	Yes	
bed	bed	no	No	
bicycle	bicycle	yes	Yes	
bicycle	bicycle	no	No	
car	car	yes	Yes	
car	car	no	No	
cart	cart	yes	Yes	
cart	cart	no	No	
cassette	cassette	yes	Yes	
cassette	cassette	no	No	
chair	chair	yes	Yes	
chair	chair	no	No	
clock	clock	yes	Yes	
clock	clock	no	No	
complicatedmalaria	complicatedmalaria	0	No	
complicatedmalaria	complicatedmalaria	1	Yes	
cough	cough	0	No	
cough	cough	1	Yes	
cough	cough	9	Unable to assess	
cupboard	cupboard	yes	Yes	
cupboard	cupboard	no	No	
diarrhea	diarrhea	0	No	
diarrhea	diarrhea	1	Yes	
diarrhea	diarrhea	9	Unable to assess	
district	district	1	Walukuba	
district	district	2	Kihihi	
district	district	3	Nagongera	
dxcode	dxcode	1	Abscess	
dxcode	dxcode	2	Allergic rhinitis	
dxcode	dxcode	3	Anemia - general	
dxcode	dxcode	4	Anal fissure	
dxcode	dxcode	5	Anal fistula - acquired HIV-related recto-vesico	
dxcode	dxcode	6	Anal fistula - unspecified	
dxcode	dxcode	7	Angular chelitis	
dxcode	dxcode	8	Animal bite	
dxcode	dxcode	9	Appendicitis	
dxcode	dxcode	10	Arthritis	
dxcode	dxcode	11	Asthma exacerbation	
dxcode	dxcode	13	Lung disease, chronic HIV associated	
dxcode	dxcode	14	Burns	
dxcode	dxcode	15	Cancer - non HIV-related	
dxcode	dxcode	16	Candidiasis - esophageal	
dxcode	dxcode	17	Candidiasis - respiratory tract	
dxcode	dxcode	18	Carbuncle/furuncle	
dxcode	dxcode	19	Cardiomyopathy	
dxcode	dxcode	20	Cellulitis	
dxcode	dxcode	21	Cerebellar dysfunction/ataxia	
dxcode	dxcode	22	Chicken pox	
dxcode	dxcode	23	Cholera	
dxcode	dxcode	24	Coccidiomycosis	
dxcode	dxcode	25	Common cold/Flu	
dxcode	dxcode	26	Congenital malformation, congenital heart disease	
dxcode	dxcode	27	Conjunctivitis	
dxcode	dxcode	28	Convulsion/Seizure	
dxcode	dxcode	29	Foreign body in eye	
dxcode	dxcode	30	Corneal ulcer	
dxcode	dxcode	31	Cranial nerve disorders	
dxcode	dxcode	32	Cryptococcal infection	
dxcode	dxcode	33	Cryptosporidiosis	
dxcode	dxcode	34	Cytomegalovirus infection	
dxcode	dxcode	35	Dehydration	
dxcode	dxcode	36	Dental abscess	
dxcode	dxcode	37	Dental caries	
dxcode	dxcode	38	Dermatitis - atopic	
dxcode	dxcode	39	Dermatitis - papular pruiritic eruptions	
dxcode	dxcode	40	Dermatitis - seborrhoeic	
dxcode	dxcode	41	Dermatitis - unspecified	
dxcode	dxcode	42	Diabetes mellitus	
dxcode	dxcode	43	Diarrhea - acute	
dxcode	dxcode	44	Diarrhea - persistent (>14 days)	
dxcode	dxcode	45	Drug rash	
dxcode	dxcode	46	Dysentery	
dxcode	dxcode	47	Dyspepsia/Gastritis	
dxcode	dxcode	48	Pustular skin infection	
dxcode	dxcode	49	Empyema	
dxcode	dxcode	50	Encephalopathy - HIV-related (no other explanation such as stroke or infection)	
dxcode	dxcode	51	Encephalopathy - unspecified	
dxcode	dxcode	52	Epididymo-orchitis	
dxcode	dxcode	53	Epilepsy	
dxcode	dxcode	54	Erythema multiforme	
dxcode	dxcode	55	Esophagitis	
dxcode	dxcode	56	Malnutrition - moderate	
dxcode	dxcode	57	Folliculitis	
dxcode	dxcode	58	Fracture (bone)	
dxcode	dxcode	60	G6PD deficiency	
dxcode	dxcode	61	Vomiting	
dxcode	dxcode	62	Gastroenteritis	
dxcode	dxcode	63	Gingivitis - acute necrotizing ulcerative	
dxcode	dxcode	64	Gingivitis - linear gingival erythema	
dxcode	dxcode	65	Gingivitis - unspecified	
dxcode	dxcode	66	Glomerulonephritis	
dxcode	dxcode	67	Glossitis	
dxcode	dxcode	68	Headache - migraine	
dxcode	dxcode	69	Headache - unspecified	
dxcode	dxcode	70	Hearing loss/deficit	
dxcode	dxcode	71	Helminth infection	
dxcode	dxcode	72	Hepatitis	
dxcode	dxcode	73	Hepatomegaly	
dxcode	dxcode	74	Hepatosplenomegaly	
dxcode	dxcode	75	Hernia - inguinal	
dxcode	dxcode	76	Hernia - umbilical	
dxcode	dxcode	77	Hernia - others (femoral, hiatal)	
dxcode	dxcode	78	Herpes simplex - cutaneous	
dxcode	dxcode	79	Herpes simplex - orolabial	
dxcode	dxcode	80	Herpes simplex - genital	
dxcode	dxcode	81	Herpes zoster	
dxcode	dxcode	82	Histoplasmosis	
dxcode	dxcode	83	Hydrocele	
dxcode	dxcode	84	Hypoglycaemia	
dxcode	dxcode	85	Impacted cerumen	
dxcode	dxcode	86	Impetigo	
dxcode	dxcode	87	Isosporiasis	
dxcode	dxcode	88	Jiggers	
dxcode	dxcode	89	Kaposi's sarcoma	
dxcode	dxcode	90	Keratoconjunctivitis	
dxcode	dxcode	91	Kwashiorkor	
dxcode	dxcode	92	Lymphocytic interstitial pneumonia (LIP)	
dxcode	dxcode	93	Lung abscess	
dxcode	dxcode	94	Lymphadenitis	
dxcode	dxcode	95	Lymphoma - hodgkins	
dxcode	dxcode	96	Lymphoma - non hodgkins	
dxcode	dxcode	97	Lymphoma - primary cns	
dxcode	dxcode	98	Marasmus	
dxcode	dxcode	100	Mastoiditis	
dxcode	dxcode	101	Measles	
dxcode	dxcode	102	Meningitis - bacterial	
dxcode	dxcode	103	Meningitis - cryptococcal	
dxcode	dxcode	104	Meningitis - nonbacterial	
dxcode	dxcode	105	Microsporidiosis	
dxcode	dxcode	106	Molluscum contangiosum (severe)	
dxcode	dxcode	107	Molluscum contangiosum (mild)	
dxcode	dxcode	108	Mumps	
dxcode	dxcode	109	Mycobacterial avium complex - disseminated	
dxcode	dxcode	110	Mycobacterial avium complex - localized	
dxcode	dxcode	111	Bacterial skin infection	
dxcode	dxcode	112	Nephropathy	
dxcode	dxcode	113	Nephrotic syndrome	
dxcode	dxcode	114	Neutropenia  - general	
dxcode	dxcode	115	Obesity	
dxcode	dxcode	116	Oral hairy leukoplakia	
dxcode	dxcode	117	Candiasis - oral	
dxcode	dxcode	118	Oral ulcers - single episode	
dxcode	dxcode	119	Osteomyelitis	
dxcode	dxcode	120	Otitis externa	
dxcode	dxcode	121	Otitis media - nonsuppurative	
dxcode	dxcode	122	Otitis media - suppurative	
dxcode	dxcode	123	Pain	
dxcode	dxcode	124	Pancreatitis	
dxcode	dxcode	125	Paralysis	
dxcode	dxcode	126	Paresis (impaired strength)	
dxcode	dxcode	127	Paronychia	
dxcode	dxcode	128	Parotid enlargement	
dxcode	dxcode	129	Pemphigoid	
dxcode	dxcode	130	Pemphigus	
dxcode	dxcode	131	Penicilliosis	
dxcode	dxcode	132	Peptic ulcer disease	
dxcode	dxcode	133	Balanitis	
dxcode	dxcode	134	Periodontitis - acute necrotizing ulcerative	
dxcode	dxcode	135	Periodontitis - unspecified	
dxcode	dxcode	136	Peripheral neuropathy	
dxcode	dxcode	137	Peritonsillar abscess	
dxcode	dxcode	138	Persistent generalized lymphadenopathy (PGL)	
dxcode	dxcode	139	Pharyngitis	
dxcode	dxcode	140	Congenital malformation, phimosis/paraphimosis	
dxcode	dxcode	141	Pneumocystis jiroveci (carinii) infection	
dxcode	dxcode	142	Pneumonia	
dxcode	dxcode	143	Pneumonia - severe	
dxcode	dxcode	144	Progressive multifocal leukoenchephalopathy (PML)	
dxcode	dxcode	145	Pruritis	
dxcode	dxcode	146	Psychosis	
dxcode	dxcode	147	Purpura	
dxcode	dxcode	148	Pyelonephritis	
dxcode	dxcode	149	Pyoderma	
dxcode	dxcode	150	Pyomyositis	
dxcode	dxcode	151	Fever without source (FWS)	
dxcode	dxcode	152	Reactive arthritis	
dxcode	dxcode	153	Renal failure - acute	
dxcode	dxcode	154	Renal failure - chronic	
dxcode	dxcode	155	Rheumatic fever	
dxcode	dxcode	156	Rheumatic heart disease	
dxcode	dxcode	157	Rheumatoid arthritis	
dxcode	dxcode	158	Scabies	
dxcode	dxcode	159	Schistosomiasis	
dxcode	dxcode	160	Septicaemia	
dxcode	dxcode	161	Sickle cell disease	
dxcode	dxcode	162	Sinusitis - acute	
dxcode	dxcode	163	Sinusitis - chronic	
dxcode	dxcode	164	Soft tissue injury	
dxcode	dxcode	165	Stevens-Johnson syndrome	
dxcode	dxcode	166	Splenomegaly	
dxcode	dxcode	167	Stye	
dxcode	dxcode	168	Syphillis	
dxcode	dxcode	169	Tetanus	
dxcode	dxcode	170	Thrombocytopenia - general	
dxcode	dxcode	171	Tinea capitis	
dxcode	dxcode	172	Fungal skin infection	
dxcode	dxcode	172	Skin infection, fungal	
dxcode	dxcode	173	Tinnitus	
dxcode	dxcode	174	Tonsillitis	
dxcode	dxcode	175	Toxoplasmosis - CNS	
dxcode	dxcode	176	Toxoplasmosis - systemic	
dxcode	dxcode	177	Tuberculosis - extrapulmonary	
dxcode	dxcode	178	Tuberculosis - pulmonary	
dxcode	dxcode	179	Tuberculosis - unconfirmed	
dxcode	dxcode	180	Typhoid	
dxcode	dxcode	181	Underweight	
dxcode	dxcode	182	Wasting, unexplained severe	
dxcode	dxcode	183	Upper respiratory tract infection (URTI)	
dxcode	dxcode	184	Urinary tract infection	
dxcode	dxcode	185	Urticaria	
dxcode	dxcode	186	Wart, flat (verruca planus)	
dxcode	dxcode	187	Visual disturbance	
dxcode	dxcode	188	Wound	
dxcode	dxcode	189	Mal-aligned teeth	
dxcode	dxcode	190	Stomatis	
dxcode	dxcode	191	Parotitis	
dxcode	dxcode	192	Candidiasis - vaginal	
dxcode	dxcode	193	Fever of unknown origin  (FUO)	
dxcode	dxcode	194	Abdominal pain - unspecified	
dxcode	dxcode	195	Torticolis	
dxcode	dxcode	196	Visceral larva migrans	
dxcode	dxcode	197	Severe immunosuppression	
dxcode	dxcode	198	Laryngeo-tracheo bronchitis	
dxcode	dxcode	199	Bronchospasm	
dxcode	dxcode	200	Stroke	
dxcode	dxcode	201	Genu varum / valgus	
dxcode	dxcode	202	Malaria	
dxcode	dxcode	203	Thyroglossal cyst	
dxcode	dxcode	204	Foreign body	
dxcode	dxcode	205	Infective endocarditis	
dxcode	dxcode	206	Viral exanthem (not otherwise specified)	
dxcode	dxcode	207	Fungal nail infection	
dxcode	dxcode	207	Nail infection, fungal	
dxcode	dxcode	208	Wart, common mild	
dxcode	dxcode	209	Wart, extensive (common or flat)	
dxcode	dxcode	210	Giardiasis	
dxcode	dxcode	211	Mycobacterial infection- non-Tb, disseminated	
dxcode	dxcode	212	Mycobacterial infection - non-Tb	
dxcode	dxcode	213	Tuberculosis - lymph node	
dxcode	dxcode	214	Fever, chronic HIV associated	
dxcode	dxcode	215	Bacteremia	
dxcode	dxcode	216	Malnutrition - severe	
dxcode	dxcode	217	Neutropenia  - HIV related	
dxcode	dxcode	218	Thrombocytopenia - HIV related	
dxcode	dxcode	219	Anaemia - HIV related	
dxcode	dxcode	220	Parotid enlargement - HIV related	
dxcode	dxcode	221	Oral ulcers - recurrent	
dxcode	dxcode	222	Neuralgia	
dxcode	dxcode	223	Subconjuctival haemorrhages	
dxcode	dxcode	224	Cataract	
dxcode	dxcode	225	Congenital malformation ambiguous genitalia	
dxcode	dxcode	226	Hypotonia	
dxcode	dxcode	227	Spinal deformities	
dxcode	dxcode	228	Congenital malformation, myelomeningocele	
dxcode	dxcode	229	Jaundice, neonatal	
dxcode	dxcode	230	Tracheo-oesophageal fistula	
dxcode	dxcode	231	Congenital malformation, esophageal atresia	
dxcode	dxcode	232	Congenital malformation, diaphragmatic hernia	
dxcode	dxcode	233	Congenital malformation, omphalocele	
dxcode	dxcode	234	Congenital malformation, gastroschisis	
dxcode	dxcode	235	Rubella, congenital	
dxcode	dxcode	236	Congenital malformation, pyloric stenosis	
dxcode	dxcode	237	Scalded skin syndrome	
dxcode	dxcode	238	Ophthalmia neonatorum	
dxcode	dxcode	239	Acute uvulitis	
dxcode	dxcode	240	Halitosis	
dxcode	dxcode	241	Laryngeal papillomatosis	
dxcode	dxcode	242	Tracheomalacia	
dxcode	dxcode	243	Pericarditis	
dxcode	dxcode	244	Gastroesophageal reflux	
dxcode	dxcode	245	Intussusception	
dxcode	dxcode	246	Congenital malformation, clubfoot	
dxcode	dxcode	247	Cerebral palsy	
dxcode	dxcode	248	Hydrocephalus	
dxcode	dxcode	249	Microcephaly	
dxcode	dxcode	250	Brachial plexus injury	
dxcode	dxcode	251	Floppy infant syndrome	
dxcode	dxcode	252	Infant colic	
dxcode	dxcode	253	Poisoning	
dxcode	dxcode	254	Invasive cervical carcinoma	
dxcode	dxcode	255	Visceral leishmaniasis	
dxcode	dxcode	256	Vulvovaginitis, unexplained	
dxcode	dxcode	257	Genital wart (condyloma acuminata)	
dxcode	dxcode	258	Enital ulcer, unspecified	
dxcode	dxcode	259	Trichomonas	
dxcode	dxcode	260	Bacterial vaginosis	
dxcode	dxcode	261	Chlamydia	
dxcode	dxcode	262	Gonorrhea	
dxcode	dxcode	263	Pelvic inflammatory disease	
dxcode	dxcode	264	Tubo-ovarian abscess	
dxcode	dxcode	265	Fibroid uterus	
dxcode	dxcode	266	Polyp, cervical	
dxcode	dxcode	267	Amenorrhea, secondary	
dxcode	dxcode	268	Post coital bleeding	
dxcode	dxcode	269	Oligomenorrhea	
dxcode	dxcode	270	Menorrhagia	
dxcode	dxcode	271	Prior cesarean delivery	
dxcode	dxcode	272	Post-cesarean wound infection	
dxcode	dxcode	273	Post-cesarean wound separation	
dxcode	dxcode	274	Episiotomy infection	
dxcode	dxcode	275	Non-healing episiotomy (non-infected)	
dxcode	dxcode	276	Ectopic pregnancy	
dxcode	dxcode	277	Spontaneous abortion/Miscarriage	
dxcode	dxcode	278	Therapeutic abortion (elective/induced)	
dxcode	dxcode	279	Gestational diabetes	
dxcode	dxcode	280	Placenta previa	
dxcode	dxcode	281	Chorioamnionitis	
dxcode	dxcode	282	Preterm premature rupture of membranes (PPROM)	
dxcode	dxcode	283	Premature rupture of membranes (PROM)	
dxcode	dxcode	284	Spontaneous rupture of membranes (SROM)	
dxcode	dxcode	285	Oligohydramnios	
dxcode	dxcode	286	Polyhydramnios	
dxcode	dxcode	287	Intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR), fetal	
dxcode	dxcode	288	Intrauterine fetal demise	
dxcode	dxcode	289	Abruptio placenta	
dxcode	dxcode	290	Preterm contractions	
dxcode	dxcode	291	Preterm labor	
dxcode	dxcode	292	Preterm delivery	
dxcode	dxcode	293	Gestational hypertension	
dxcode	dxcode	294	Pre-eclampsia, mild	
dxcode	dxcode	295	Pre-eclampsia, severe	
dxcode	dxcode	296	Eclampsia	
dxcode	dxcode	297	Hellp syndrome	
dxcode	dxcode	298	Acute fatty liver	
dxcode	dxcode	299	Chronic hypertension	
dxcode	dxcode	300	Uterine rupture	
dxcode	dxcode	301	Uterine scar dehiscence	
dxcode	dxcode	302	Vaginal or vulvar hematoma	
dxcode	dxcode	303	Postpartum/postoperative endometritis	
dxcode	dxcode	304	Postpartum hemorrhage	
dxcode	dxcode	305	Mastitis	
dxcode	dxcode	306	Breast abscess	
dxcode	dxcode	307	Depression, postpartum	
dxcode	dxcode	308	Depression, non-postpartum	
dxcode	dxcode	309	Cholelithiasis	
dxcode	dxcode	310	Cholecystitis	
dxcode	dxcode	311	Bell's palsy	
dxcode	dxcode	312	Stomatitis, aphthous	
dxcode	dxcode	313	Nephrolithiasis	
dxcode	dxcode	314	Rash, allergic	
dxcode	dxcode	315	Lactic acidosis	
dxcode	dxcode	316	Deep vein thrombosis	
dxcode	dxcode	317	Pulmonary embolus	
dxcode	dxcode	318	Congenital malformation, down syndrome (trisomy 21)	
dxcode	dxcode	319	Congenital malformation, turner syndrome	
dxcode	dxcode	320	Congenital malformation, cleft lip/cleft palate	
dxcode	dxcode	321	Congenital malformation, hypospadias	
dxcode	dxcode	322	Labor	
dxcode	dxcode	323	Epistaxis	
dxcode	dxcode	324	Viremia	
dxcode	dxcode	325	Abdominal colic	
dxcode	dxcode	326	Candidiasis - perianal	
dxcode	dxcode	327	Hypothermia	
dxcode	dxcode	328	Bronchiolitis	
dxcode	dxcode	329	Respiratory failure	
dxcode	dxcode	330	Keratoderma plantaris/palmaris	
dxcode	dxcode	331	Phimosis	
dxcode	dxcode	332	Constipation	
dxcode	dxcode	333	Pulp space infection	
dxcode	dxcode	334	Anaphylactic reaction	
dxcode	dxcode	335	Sciatica	
dxcode	dxcode	336	Electrolyte imbalance	
dxcode	dxcode	337	Hemoglobinuria	
dxcode	dxcode	338	Antepartum hemorrhage	
dxcode	dxcode	339	Measles-like illness	
dxcode	dxcode	340	Marasmic- kwashiorkor	
dxcode	dxcode	341	Rectal prolapse	
dxcode	dxcode	342	Congestive cardiac failure	
dxcode	dxcode	343	Accident/suicide/trauma	
dxcode	dxcode	344	Other	
electric	electric	yes	Yes	
electric	electric	no	No	
electirc	electirc	yes	Yes	
electirc	electirc	no	No	
fatigue	fatigue	0	No	
fatigue	fatigue	1	Yes	
fatigue	fatigue	9	Unable to assess	
fever	fever	0	No	
fever	fever	1	Yes	
fever	fever	9	Unable to assess	
fridge	fridge	yes	Yes	
fridge	fridge	no	No	
fueltype	fueltype	1	Electricity	
fueltype	fueltype	2	LPG/Natural gas	
fueltype	fueltype	3	Biogas	
fueltype	fueltype	4	Paraffin/Kerosene	
fueltype	fueltype	5	Charcoal	
fueltype	fueltype	6	Firewood	
fueltype	fueltype	7	Straw/Shrubs/Grass	
fueltype	fueltype	8	Animal dung	
fueltype	fueltype	95	No food cooked in household	
fueltype	fueltype	96	Other	
fueltype	fueltype	99	Refused to answer/Skipped	
g6pd	g6pd	0	Wild type	
g6pd	g6pd	1	Heterozygous	
g6pd	g6pd	2	Homozygous	
gametocytes	gametocytes	0	No	
gametocytes	gametocytes	1	Yes	
gender	gender	1	Male	
gender	gender	2	Female	
hbs	hbs	0	Wild type	
hbs	hbs	1	Heterozygous	
hbs	hbs	2	Homozygous	
headache	headache	0	No	
headache	headache	1	Yes	
headache	headache	9	Unable to assess	
hhmeals	hhmeals	9	Refused to answer/skipped	
hhnumt	hhnumt	9	Refused to answer/skipped	
hhpsf	hhpsf	1	Never	1
hhpsf	hhpsf	2	Seldom	2
hhpsf	hhpsf	3	Sometimes	3
hhpsf	hhpsf	4	Often	4
hhpsf	hhpsf	5	Always	5
hhpsf	hhpsf	8	Don't know	6
hhpsf	hhpsf	9	Refused to answer/skipped	7
hhrooms	hhrooms	98	Don't know	
hhrooms	hhrooms	99	Refused to answer/skipped	
hhspaces	hhspaces	98	Don't know	
hhspaces	hhspaces	99	Refused to answer/skipped	
tertile	tertile	1	Poorest	1
tertile	tertile	2	Middle	2
tertile	tertile	3	Least poor	3
jaundice	jaundice	0	No	
jaundice	jaundice	1	Yes	
jaundice	jaundice	9	Unable to assess	
jointpains	jointpains	0	No	
jointpains	jointpains	1	Yes	
jointpains	jointpains	9	Unable to assess	
mboat	mboat	yes	Yes	
mboat	mboat	no	No	
medcode	medcode	1	Acycl+b5	
medcode	medcode	2	Activated charcoal	
medcode	medcode	3	Acyclovir cream	
medcode	medcode	4	Albendazole tablets	
medcode	medcode	5	Aminocidine tablets	
medcode	medcode	6	Aminophylline	
medcode	medcode	7	Amitryptiline tablets	
medcode	medcode	8	Amoxicillin caps	
medcode	medcode	9	Amoxicillin syrup	
medcode	medcode	10	Amphotericin B	
medcode	medcode	11	Ampicillin	
medcode	medcode	12	Ampiclox caps	
medcode	medcode	13	Ampiclox syrup	
medcode	medcode	14	Ascorbic acid tablets	
medcode	medcode	15	Aspirin tablets	
medcode	medcode	16	Augmentin syrup	
medcode	medcode	17	Augmentin tablets	
medcode	medcode	18	Azithromycin	
medcode	medcode	19	Benzathine penicillin injection	
medcode	medcode	20	Benzyl benzoate emulsion	
medcode	medcode	21	Benzyl penicillin injecion	
medcode	medcode	22	Betamethasone skin cream	
medcode	medcode	23	Betamethasone eye drops	
medcode	medcode	24	Betamethasone skin ointment	
medcode	medcode	25	Betamethasone/neomycin eye drops	
medcode	medcode	26	Bisacodyl tablets	
medcode	medcode	27	Burnem cream	
medcode	medcode	28	Buscopan	
medcode	medcode	29	Calamine lotion	
medcode	medcode	30	Carbamazepine tablets	
medcode	medcode	31	Cefodoxime	
medcode	medcode	32	Ceftriaxone injection	
medcode	medcode	33	Cefuroxime	
medcode	medcode	34	Cetrizine tablets	
medcode	medcode	35	Chloramphenicol caps	
medcode	medcode	36	Chloramphenicol eye/ear drops	
medcode	medcode	37	Chloramphenicol injection	
medcode	medcode	38	Chloramphenicol syrup	
medcode	medcode	39	Chlorhexidine solution	
medcode	medcode	42	Chlorpheniramine tablets	
medcode	medcode	43	Ciprofloxacin tablets	
medcode	medcode	44	Clindamycin caps	
medcode	medcode	45	Clotrimazole mouth paint	
medcode	medcode	46	Clotrimazole skin cream	
medcode	medcode	47	Cloxacillin caps	
medcode	medcode	48	Cloxacillin injection	
medcode	medcode	49	Cloxacillin syrup	
medcode	medcode	51	Codeine phosphate tablets	
medcode	medcode	52	Co-trimoxazole	
medcode	medcode	52	Septrin	
medcode	medcode	52	Trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole (TS)	
medcode	medcode	53	Co-trimoxazole injection	
medcode	medcode	54	Co-trimoxazole syrup	
medcode	medcode	55	Cough expectorant	
medcode	medcode	56	Cough linctus	
medcode	medcode	57	Dapsone tablets	
medcode	medcode	58	Dexamethasone	
medcode	medcode	59	Dexona eye/ear drops	
medcode	medcode	60	Dextrose solution	
medcode	medcode	61	Dextrose solution	
medcode	medcode	62	Diazepam	
medcode	medcode	63	Diclofenac gel	
medcode	medcode	64	Diclofenac injection	
medcode	medcode	65	Diclofenac tablets	
medcode	medcode	66	Diethylcarbamazipine	
medcode	medcode	67	Diphenhydramine injection	
medcode	medcode	68	Diphenhydramine tablets	
medcode	medcode	69	Epinephrine injection	
medcode	medcode	70	Erythromycin syrup	
medcode	medcode	71	Erythromycin tablets	
medcode	medcode	72	Fansidar tablets	
medcode	medcode	73	Ferrous sulfate tablets	
medcode	medcode	74	Fluconazole caps	
medcode	medcode	75	Folic acid tablets	
medcode	medcode	76	Gabbroral syrup	
medcode	medcode	77	Gentamicin eye/ear drops	
medcode	medcode	78	Gentamicin injection	
medcode	medcode	79	Gentian violet solution	
medcode	medcode	80	Glycerin borax drops	
medcode	medcode	81	Gravinate syrup	
medcode	medcode	82	Griseofulvin tablets	
medcode	medcode	83	Haemoforte syrup	
medcode	medcode	84	Hydrocortisone eye/ear drops	
medcode	medcode	85	Hydrocortisone injection	
medcode	medcode	86	Hydrocortisone skin cream	
medcode	medcode	87	Hydrocortisone skin ointment	
medcode	medcode	88	Ibuprofen	
medcode	medcode	89	Imipramine tablets	
medcode	medcode	90	Ketoconazole	
medcode	medcode	91	Lasix	
medcode	medcode	92	Loperamide tablets	
medcode	medcode	93	Magnesium triscilicate suspension	
medcode	medcode	94	Magnesium triscilicate tablets	
medcode	medcode	95	Mannitol	
medcode	medcode	96	Mebendazole tablets	
medcode	medcode	97	Metoclopramide tablets	
medcode	medcode	98	Metronidazole injection	
medcode	medcode	99	Metronidazole tablets	
medcode	medcode	100	Morphine	
medcode	medcode	101	Multivitamin	
medcode	medcode	102	Mupirocin cream	
medcode	medcode	103	Mupirocin skin cream	
medcode	medcode	104	Nalidixic acid tablets	
medcode	medcode	105	Nasal drops	
medcode	medcode	106	Neomycin skin cream	
medcode	medcode	107	Neurorubine tablets	
medcode	medcode	108	Nimesulide syrup	
medcode	medcode	109	Nitrofurantoin	
medcode	medcode	110	Normal saline solution	
medcode	medcode	111	Nystatin caps	
medcode	medcode	112	Nystatin oral drops	
medcode	medcode	113	ORS	
medcode	medcode	114	Paracetamol	
medcode	medcode	115	Pencillin V tablets	
medcode	medcode	116	Phenobarbitone tablets	
medcode	medcode	117	Phenytoin tablets	
medcode	medcode	118	Prednisolone tablets	
medcode	medcode	119	Promethazine injection	
medcode	medcode	120	Promethazine syrup	
medcode	medcode	121	Promethazine tablets	
medcode	medcode	122	Protex soap	
medcode	medcode	123	Pyridoxine tablets	
medcode	medcode	124	Chloroquine injection	
medcode	medcode	125	Chloroquine tablets	
medcode	medcode	126	Ringer's lactate solution	
medcode	medcode	127	Salbutamol inhaler	
medcode	medcode	128	Salbutamol syrup	
medcode	medcode	129	Salbutamol tablets	
medcode	medcode	130	Silver nitrate pencil	
medcode	medcode	131	Terbinafine tabs	
medcode	medcode	132	Tetanus toxoid (TT)	
medcode	medcode	133	Tetracycline caps	
medcode	medcode	134	Tetracycline eye ointment	
medcode	medcode	135	Thiabendazole cream	
medcode	medcode	136	Tigboderm cream/ecodax	
medcode	medcode	137	Unknown antimalarial	
medcode	medcode	138	Unknown cough syrup	
medcode	medcode	139	Unknown drug	
medcode	medcode	140	Unknown herbs	
medcode	medcode	141	Vitamin A caps	
medcode	medcode	142	Vitamin B complex	
medcode	medcode	143	Zinc oxide cream	
medcode	medcode	144	Bleomycin injection	
medcode	medcode	145	Vincristine injection	
medcode	medcode	146	Isoniazid tablets	
medcode	medcode	147	Ethambutol tablets	
medcode	medcode	148	Pyrazinamide tablets	
medcode	medcode	149	Rifampicin	
medcode	medcode	150	Streptomycin injection	
medcode	medcode	151	Abacavir (ABC) oral solution	
medcode	medcode	152	Abacavir (ABC) tablet	
medcode	medcode	153	Azt +3tc tablets	
medcode	medcode	154	Didanosine (ddi) tablet	
medcode	medcode	155	Didanosine (ddi) tablet	
medcode	medcode	156	Didanosine (ddi) tablet	
medcode	medcode	157	Didanosine (ddi) tablet	
medcode	medcode	158	Duovir-n (zdv/3tc/nvp)	
medcode	medcode	159	Efavirenz (EFV)	
medcode	medcode	160	Efavirenz (EFV)	
medcode	medcode	161	Efavirenz (EFV)	
medcode	medcode	162	Aluvia (lpv/rtv) tablets	
medcode	medcode	163	Kaletra (lpv/rtv) oral solution	
medcode	medcode	164	Lamivir-s 30 (3tc/d4t)	
medcode	medcode	165	Lamivir-s 40 (3tc/d4t)	
medcode	medcode	166	Lamivudine (3tc) oral solution	
medcode	medcode	167	Lamivudine (3tc) tablets	
medcode	medcode	168	Nelfinavir (NFV) tablet	
medcode	medcode	169	Nevirapine (NVP) oral solution	
medcode	medcode	170	Nevirapine (NVP) tablets	
medcode	medcode	171	Stavudine (d4t) caps	
medcode	medcode	172	Stavudine (d4t) capsules	
medcode	medcode	173	Stavudine (d4t) capsules	
medcode	medcode	174	Stavudine (d4t) capsules	
medcode	medcode	175	Stavudine (d4t) powder	
medcode	medcode	176	Tenofovir (TDF) tablet	
medcode	medcode	177	Trioimmune 30 (3tc/nvp/d4t)	
medcode	medcode	178	Trioimmune 40 (3tc/nvp/d4t)	
medcode	medcode	179	Zidovudine (AZT) capsules	
medcode	medcode	180	Zidovudine (AZT) oral solution	
medcode	medcode	181	Zidovudine (AZT) tablets	
medcode	medcode	182	Cephalexin syrup	
medcode	medcode	183	Coartem (artemether-lumefantrine)	
medcode	medcode	184	Ciprofloxacin, I.V.	
medcode	medcode	185	Zinc gluconate	
medcode	medcode	186	Sodium valproate	
medcode	medcode	187	Calcium lactate	
medcode	medcode	189	Atropine eye drops	
medcode	medcode	190	Aluvia (LPV/RTV)tablets	
medcode	medcode	191	Cerumol ear drops	
medcode	medcode	192	Haldol tablets	
medcode	medcode	193	Nootropil tablets	
medcode	medcode	194	Neuronton tablets	
medcode	medcode	195	Ciprofloxacin ear drops	
medcode	medcode	196	Hydrogen peroxide	
medcode	medcode	198	Prenatal vitamins	
medcode	medcode	199	Metronidazole syrup	
medcode	medcode	200	Clotrimazole pessary	
medcode	medcode	201	Omeprazole	
medcode	medcode	202	Oxygen	
medcode	medcode	203	Piritex syrup	
medcode	medcode	204	Oxytocin, injectable	
medcode	medcode	205	Magnesium sulfate, injectable	
medcode	medcode	206	Insulin, soluble	
medcode	medcode	207	Bromocriptine	
medcode	medcode	208	Misoprostol	
medcode	medcode	209	Pitocin	
medcode	medcode	210	Efavirenz (EFV) oral solution	
medcode	medcode	211	Ephedrine nasal drops	
medcode	medcode	212	Dihydroartemisinin-piperaquine	
medcode	medcode	213	Bonnisan (anti-colic)	
medcode	medcode	214	Ferrous sulfate/folic acid	
medcode	medcode	215	Tenofovir/emtricitabine (tdf/ftc)	
medcode	medcode	216	Trioimmune jr (3tc/nvp/d4t)	
medcode	medcode	217	Doxycycline	
medcode	medcode	218	Vitamin K	
medcode	medcode	219	Polio vaccine	
medcode	medcode	220	Bcg vaccine	
medcode	medcode	221	Blood transfusion	
medcode	medcode	222	Vitamin a injection	
medcode	medcode	223	Salicylic acid	
medcode	medcode	224	Lactulose	
medcode	medcode	225	Maxidex eye drops	
medcode	medcode	226	Warfarin	
medcode	medcode	227	Heparin	
medcode	medcode	228	Miconazole, clobetasol, gentamycin (mcg) cream	
medcode	medcode	229	Lozenge	
medcode	medcode	230	Iodine solution	
medcode	medcode	231	Mefenamic acid tablets	
medcode	medcode	232	Nifuroxazide (antinal)	
medcode	medcode	233	Tenofovir/lamivudine (tdf/3tc)	
medcode	medcode	234	Nutritional support	
medcode	medcode	235	Inferon	
medcode	medcode	236	Antiseptic mouthwash	
medcode	medcode	237	Oracure gel	
medcode	medcode	238	Betamethasone/neomycin skin cream	
medcode	medcode	239	Bendrofluothiazide(aprinox)	
medcode	medcode	quinine tablets	Chloroquine tablets	
medcode	medcode	40	Chloroquine injection	
medcode	medcode	41	Chloroquine tablets	
medcode	medcode	50	Coartem (artemether-lumefantrine)	
mobile	mobile	yes	Yes	
mobile	mobile	no	No	
muscleaches	muscleaches	0	No	
muscleaches	muscleaches	1	Yes	
muscleaches	muscleaches	9	Unable to assess	
noh	noh	bwindi hospital	Bwindi Hospital	
noh	noh	jinja hospital	Jinja Hospital	
noh	noh	kauka healthy centre	Kauka Health Centre	
noh	noh	kihihi h c iv	Kihihi Health Centre IV	
noh	noh	kihihi h/c	Kihihi Health Centre IV	
noh	noh	kihihi h/c iv	Kihihi Health Centre IV	
noh	noh	kihihi hc	Kihihi Health Centre IV	
noh	noh	kihihi hc iv	Kihihi Health Centre IV	
noh	noh	kihihi health centre 1v	Kihihi Health Centre IV	
noh	noh	kihihi health centre iv	Kihihi Health Centre IV	
noh	noh	nagonera h/c iv	Nagongera Health Centre IV	
noh	noh	nagongera h/c iv	Nagongera Health Centre IV	
noh	noh	nagongera h/civ	Nagongera Health Centre IV	
noh	noh	nagongera hc iv	Nagongera Health Centre IV	
noh	noh	nagongera hciv	Nagongera Health Centre IV	
noh	noh	nagongera health centre iv	Nagongera Health Centre IV	
noh	noh	tdh	Tororo District Hospital	
noh	noh	tororo hospital	Tororo District Hospital	
nomboat	nomboat	yes	Yes	
nomboat	nomboat	no	No	
numaland	numaland	9999	Don't know	
numaland	numaland	9999.8	Don't know	
numaland	numaland	99999	Refused to answer/Skipped	
otherfcy	otherfcy	[skipped]		
otherfue	otherfue	[skipped]		
phone	phone	yes	Yes	
phone	phone	no	No	
radio	radio	yes	Yes	
radio	radio	no	No	
radio	radio	radio	Yes	
scooter	scooter	yes	Yes	
scooter	scooter	no	No	
screening	screening	During initial screening	At time of initial household enrollment	
screening	screening	after initial screening	During dynamic recruitment	
seizure	seizure	0	No	
seizure	seizure	1	Yes	
seizure	seizure	9	Unable to assess	
senergy	senergy	1	Electricity	
senergy	senergy	2	Solar	
senergy	senergy	3	Gas	
senergy	senergy	4	Paraffin - pressure lamp	
senergy	senergy	5	Paraffin - pressure lamp	
senergy	senergy	6	Paraffin - wick lamp	
senergy	senergy	7	Firewood	
senergy	senergy	8	Candles	
senergy	senergy	9	Torch/Battery powered lamp	
senergy	senergy	96	Other	
senergy	senergy	99	Refused to answer/Skipped	
sex	sex	1	Male	
sex	sex	2	Female	
siteid	siteid	1	Walukuba	
siteid	siteid	2	Kihihi	
siteid	siteid	3	Nagongera	
siteid	siteid	jinja	Walukuba	
siteid	siteid	kanungu	Kihihi	
siteid	siteid	tororo	Nagongera	
sofa	sofa	yes	Yes	
sofa	sofa	no	No	
swater	swater	10	Borehole	
swater	swater	11	Pipe into dwelling	
swater	swater	12	Piped into yard/compound	
swater	swater	13	Public tap	
swater	swater	21	Open well in yard/compound	
swater	swater	22	Open public well	
swater	swater	31	Protected well in yard/compound	
swater	swater	32	Protected public well	
swater	swater	41	Protected spring	
swater	swater	42	Unprotected spring	
swater	swater	43	River/Stream	
swater	swater	44	Pond/Lake	
swater	swater	45	Dam	
swater	swater	51	Rainwater	
swater	swater	61	Water truck	
swater	swater	71	Bottled water	
swater	swater	96	Other	
swater	swater	99	Refused to answer/Skipped	
table	table	yes	Yes	
table	table	no	No	
tfaclty	tfaclty	1	Flush toilet	
tfaclty	tfaclty	2	VIP latrine	
tfaclty	tfaclty	3	Covered pit latrine no slab	
tfaclty	tfaclty	4	Covered pit latrine w/slab	
tfaclty	tfaclty	5	Uncovered pit latrine no slab	
tfaclty	tfaclty	6	Uncovered pit latrine w/slab	
tfaclty	tfaclty	7	Composting toilet	
tfaclty	tfaclty	8	No facility/bush/field	
tfaclty	tfaclty	96	Other	
tfaclty	tfaclty	99	Refused to answer/skipped	
tv	tv	yes	Yes	
tv	tv	no	No	
vomiting	vomiting	0	No	
vomiting	vomiting	1	Yes	
vomiting	vomiting	9	Unable to assess	
watch	watch	yes	Yes	
watch	watch	no	No	
visittype	visittype	routine	Scheduled visit	
visittype	visittype	not routine	Unscheduled visit	
visittype	visittype	t-cell visit	Scheduled visit	
visittype	visittype	Enrollment	Enrollment	
visittype	visittype	enrollment	Enrollment	
sample_type	sample_type	bc	Buffy coat	
sample_type	sample_type	buffy coat	Buffy coat	
sample_type	sample_type	fp	Filter paper	
sample_type	sample_type	filter paper	Filter paper	
sample_type	sample_type	Filter Paper	Filter paper	
sample_type	sample_type	p1	Plasma	
sample_type	sample_type	p2	Plasma	
sample_type	sample_type	plasma	Plasma	
sample_type	sample_type	Plasma	Plasma	
sample_type	sample_type	plasma-w	Plasma	
sample_type	sample_type	pbmc-w	PBMC	
sample_type	sample_type	pbmc	PBMC	
sample_type	sample_type	pellet	Pellet	
sample_type	sample_type	fingerpprick	Finger prick	
sample_type	sample_type	fingerprick	Finger prick	
sample_type	sample_type	finger prick	Finger prick	
sample_type	sample_type	finger  prick	Finger prick	
sample_type	sample_type	plasmatype	Plasma	
sample_type	sample_type	venipucture	Venipuncture	
sample_type	sample_type	venipunctre	Venipuncture	
sample_type	sample_type	venipuncture	Venipuncture	
sample_type	sample_type	veni puncture	Venipuncture	
sample_type	sample_type	venipuncture and buffycoat	Venipuncture and buffy coat	
sample_type	sample_type	venipuncture and buffy coat	Venipuncture and buffy coat	
sample_type	sample_type	venipuncture andbuffy coat	Venipuncture and buffy coat	
sample_type	sample_type	venipunture	Venipuncture	
sample_type	sample_type	veni punture	Venipuncture	
sample_type	sample_type	veni punture and buffy coat	Venipuncture and buffy coat	
sample_type	sample_type	venipunture and buffy coat	Venipuncture and buffy coat	
sample_type	sample_type	none	None	
Dwelling type	Dwelling type	traditional	Traditional (all other homes)	
Dwelling type	Dwelling type	modern	Modern (wood, cement or brick walls; metal or tiled roof and closed eaves)	
ITN last night	ITN last night	0	No	
ITN last night	ITN last night	1	Yes	
Non-malaria medication	Non-malaria medication	unknown	No non-malaria medication prescribed	
CD361t188g	CD361t188g	missing	No Results	
CD361t188g	CD361t188g		No Results	
malaria	malaria	no malaria	No malaria medications given	
malaria	malaria	new uncomplicated malaria treated with al	Artmether-lumefantrine for uncomplicated malaria	
malaria	malaria	new complicated malaria treated with quinine	Quinine or Artesunate for complicated malaria	
malaria	malaria	complicated malaria <= 14 days since last treated with al	Quinine or Artesunate for complicated malaria	
malaria	malaria	uncomplicated malaria <= 14 days since last treated with al	Quinine for uncomplicated malaria within 14 days of a previous treatment for malaria	
malaria	malaria	uncomplicated malaria in pregnancy treated with quinine	Quinine for uncomplicated malaria in the 1st trimester of pregnancy	
bsdich	bsdich	negative Negative		
bsdich	bsdich	positive Positive		
dxcode	dxcode	1	Abscess	
dxcode	dxcode	2	Allergic rhinitis	
dxcode	dxcode	3	Anemia - general	
dxcode	dxcode	4	Anal fissure	
dxcode	dxcode	5	Anal fistula - acquired HIV-related recto-vesico	
dxcode	dxcode	6	Anal fistula - unspecified	
dxcode	dxcode	7	Angular chelitis	
dxcode	dxcode	8	Animal bite	
dxcode	dxcode	9	Appendicitis	
dxcode	dxcode	10	Arthritis	
dxcode	dxcode	11	Asthma exacerbation	
dxcode	dxcode	13	Lung disease, chronic HIV associated	
dxcode	dxcode	14	Burns	
dxcode	dxcode	15	Cancer - non HIV-related	
dxcode	dxcode	16	Candidiasis - esophageal	
dxcode	dxcode	17	Candidiasis - respiratory tract	
dxcode	dxcode	18	Carbuncle/furuncle	
dxcode	dxcode	19	Cardiomyopathy	
dxcode	dxcode	20	Cellulitis	
dxcode	dxcode	21	Cerebellar dysfunction/ataxia	
dxcode	dxcode	22	Chicken pox	
dxcode	dxcode	23	Cholera	
dxcode	dxcode	24	Coccidiomycosis	
dxcode	dxcode	25	Common cold/Flu	
dxcode	dxcode	26	Congenital malformation, congenital heart disease	
dxcode	dxcode	27	Conjunctivitis	
dxcode	dxcode	28	Convulsion/Seizure	
dxcode	dxcode	29	Foreign body in eye	
dxcode	dxcode	30	Corneal ulcer	
dxcode	dxcode	31	Cranial nerve disorders	
dxcode	dxcode	32	Cryptococcal infection	
dxcode	dxcode	33	Cryptosporidiosis	
dxcode	dxcode	34	Cytomegalovirus infection	
dxcode	dxcode	35	Dehydration	
dxcode	dxcode	36	Dental abscess	
dxcode	dxcode	37	Dental caries	
dxcode	dxcode	38	Dermatitis - atopic	
dxcode	dxcode	39	Dermatitis - papular pruiritic eruptions	
dxcode	dxcode	40	Dermatitis - seborrhoeic	
dxcode	dxcode	41	Dermatitis - unspecified	
dxcode	dxcode	42	Diabetes mellitus	
dxcode	dxcode	43	Diarrhea - acute	
dxcode	dxcode	44	Diarrhea - persistent (>14 days)	
dxcode	dxcode	45	Drug rash	
dxcode	dxcode	46	Dysentery	
dxcode	dxcode	47	Dyspepsia/Gastritis	
dxcode	dxcode	48	Pustular skin infection	
dxcode	dxcode	49	Empyema	
dxcode	dxcode	50	Encephalopathy - HIV-related (no other explanation such as stroke or infection)	
dxcode	dxcode	51	Encephalopathy - unspecified	
dxcode	dxcode	52	Epididymo-orchitis	
dxcode	dxcode	53	Epilepsy	
dxcode	dxcode	54	Erythema multiforme	
dxcode	dxcode	55	Esophagitis	
dxcode	dxcode	56	Malnutrition - moderate	
dxcode	dxcode	57	Folliculitis	
dxcode	dxcode	58	Fracture (bone)	
dxcode	dxcode	60	G6PD deficiency	
dxcode	dxcode	61	Vomiting	
dxcode	dxcode	62	Gastroenteritis	
dxcode	dxcode	63	Gingivitis - acute necrotizing ulcerative	
dxcode	dxcode	64	Gingivitis - linear gingival erythema	
dxcode	dxcode	65	Gingivitis - unspecified	
dxcode	dxcode	66	Glomerulonephritis	
dxcode	dxcode	67	Glossitis	
dxcode	dxcode	68	Headache - migraine	
dxcode	dxcode	69	Headache - unspecified	
dxcode	dxcode	70	Hearing loss/deficit	
dxcode	dxcode	71	Helminth infection	
dxcode	dxcode	72	Hepatitis	
dxcode	dxcode	73	Hepatomegaly	
dxcode	dxcode	74	Hepatosplenomegaly	
dxcode	dxcode	75	Hernia - inguinal	
dxcode	dxcode	76	Hernia - umbilical	
dxcode	dxcode	77	Hernia - others (femoral, hiatal)	
dxcode	dxcode	78	Herpes simplex - cutaneous	
dxcode	dxcode	79	Herpes simplex - orolabial	
dxcode	dxcode	80	Herpes simplex - genital	
dxcode	dxcode	81	Herpes zoster	
dxcode	dxcode	82	Histoplasmosis	
dxcode	dxcode	83	Hydrocele	
dxcode	dxcode	84	Hypoglycaemia	
dxcode	dxcode	85	Impacted cerumen	
dxcode	dxcode	86	Impetigo	
dxcode	dxcode	87	Isosporiasis	
dxcode	dxcode	88	Jiggers	
dxcode	dxcode	89	Kaposi's sarcoma	
dxcode	dxcode	90	Keratoconjunctivitis	
dxcode	dxcode	91	Kwashiorkor	
dxcode	dxcode	92	Lymphocytic interstitial pneumonia (LIP)	
dxcode	dxcode	93	Lung abscess	
dxcode	dxcode	94	Lymphadenitis	
dxcode	dxcode	95	Lymphoma - hodgkins	
dxcode	dxcode	96	Lymphoma - non hodgkins	
dxcode	dxcode	97	Lymphoma - primary cns	
dxcode	dxcode	98	Marasmus	
dxcode	dxcode	100	Mastoiditis	
dxcode	dxcode	101	Measles	
dxcode	dxcode	102	Meningitis - bacterial	
dxcode	dxcode	103	Meningitis - cryptococcal	
dxcode	dxcode	104	Meningitis - nonbacterial	
dxcode	dxcode	105	Microsporidiosis	
dxcode	dxcode	106	Molluscum contangiosum (severe)	
dxcode	dxcode	107	Molluscum contangiosum (mild)	
dxcode	dxcode	108	Mumps	
dxcode	dxcode	109	Mycobacterial avium complex - disseminated	
dxcode	dxcode	110	Mycobacterial avium complex - localized	
dxcode	dxcode	111	Bacterial skin infection	
dxcode	dxcode	112	Nephropathy	
dxcode	dxcode	113	Nephrotic syndrome	
dxcode	dxcode	114	Neutropenia  - general	
dxcode	dxcode	115	Obesity	
dxcode	dxcode	116	Oral hairy leukoplakia	
dxcode	dxcode	117	Candiasis - oral	
dxcode	dxcode	118	Oral ulcers - single episode	
dxcode	dxcode	119	Osteomyelitis	
dxcode	dxcode	120	Otitis externa	
dxcode	dxcode	121	Otitis media - nonsuppurative	
dxcode	dxcode	122	Otitis media - suppurative	
dxcode	dxcode	123	Pain	
dxcode	dxcode	124	Pancreatitis	
dxcode	dxcode	125	Paralysis	
dxcode	dxcode	126	Paresis (impaired strength)	
dxcode	dxcode	127	Paronychia	
dxcode	dxcode	128	Parotid enlargement	
dxcode	dxcode	129	Pemphigoid	
dxcode	dxcode	130	Pemphigus	
dxcode	dxcode	131	Penicilliosis	
dxcode	dxcode	132	Peptic ulcer disease	
dxcode	dxcode	133	Balanitis	
dxcode	dxcode	134	Periodontitis - acute necrotizing ulcerative	
dxcode	dxcode	135	Periodontitis - unspecified	
dxcode	dxcode	136	Peripheral neuropathy	
dxcode	dxcode	137	Peritonsillar abscess	
dxcode	dxcode	138	Persistent generalized lymphadenopathy (PGL)	
dxcode	dxcode	139	Pharyngitis	
dxcode	dxcode	140	Congenital malformation, phimosis/paraphimosis	
dxcode	dxcode	141	Pneumocystis jiroveci (carinii) infection	
dxcode	dxcode	142	Pneumonia	
dxcode	dxcode	143	Pneumonia - severe	
dxcode	dxcode	144	Progressive multifocal leukoenchephalopathy (PML)	
dxcode	dxcode	145	Pruritis	
dxcode	dxcode	146	Psychosis	
dxcode	dxcode	147	Purpura	
dxcode	dxcode	148	Pyelonephritis	
dxcode	dxcode	149	Pyoderma	
dxcode	dxcode	150	Pyomyositis	
dxcode	dxcode	151	Fever without source (FWS)	
dxcode	dxcode	152	Reactive arthritis	
dxcode	dxcode	153	Renal failure - acute	
dxcode	dxcode	154	Renal failure - chronic	
dxcode	dxcode	155	Rheumatic fever	
dxcode	dxcode	156	Rheumatic heart disease	
dxcode	dxcode	157	Rheumatoid arthritis	
dxcode	dxcode	158	Scabies	
dxcode	dxcode	159	Schistosomiasis	
dxcode	dxcode	160	Septicaemia	
dxcode	dxcode	161	Sickle cell disease	
dxcode	dxcode	162	Sinusitis - acute	
dxcode	dxcode	163	Sinusitis - chronic	
dxcode	dxcode	164	Soft tissue injury	
dxcode	dxcode	165	Stevens-Johnson syndrome	
dxcode	dxcode	166	Splenomegaly	
dxcode	dxcode	167	Stye	
dxcode	dxcode	168	Syphillis	
dxcode	dxcode	169	Tetanus	
dxcode	dxcode	170	Thrombocytopenia - general	
dxcode	dxcode	171	Tinea capitis	
dxcode	dxcode	172	Fungal skin infection	
dxcode	dxcode	172	Skin infection, fungal	
dxcode	dxcode	173	Tinnitus	
dxcode	dxcode	174	Tonsillitis	
dxcode	dxcode	175	Toxoplasmosis - CNS	
dxcode	dxcode	176	Toxoplasmosis - systemic	
dxcode	dxcode	177	Tuberculosis - extrapulmonary	
dxcode	dxcode	178	Tuberculosis - pulmonary	
dxcode	dxcode	179	Tuberculosis - unconfirmed	
dxcode	dxcode	180	Typhoid	
dxcode	dxcode	181	Underweight	
dxcode	dxcode	182	Wasting, unexplained severe	
dxcode	dxcode	183	Upper respiratory tract infection (URTI)	
dxcode	dxcode	184	Urinary tract infection	
dxcode	dxcode	185	Urticaria	
dxcode	dxcode	186	Wart, flat (verruca planus)	
dxcode	dxcode	187	Visual disturbance	
dxcode	dxcode	188	Wound	
dxcode	dxcode	189	Mal-aligned teeth	
dxcode	dxcode	190	Stomatis	
dxcode	dxcode	191	Parotitis	
dxcode	dxcode	192	Candidiasis - vaginal	
dxcode	dxcode	193	Fever of unknown origin  (FUO)	
dxcode	dxcode	194	Abdominal pain - unspecified	
dxcode	dxcode	195	Torticolis	
dxcode	dxcode	196	Visceral larva migrans	
dxcode	dxcode	197	Severe immunosuppression	
dxcode	dxcode	198	Laryngeo-tracheo bronchitis	
dxcode	dxcode	199	Bronchospasm	
dxcode	dxcode	200	Stroke	
dxcode	dxcode	201	Genu varum / valgus	
dxcode	dxcode	202	Malaria	
dxcode	dxcode	203	Thyroglossal cyst	
dxcode	dxcode	204	Foreign body	
dxcode	dxcode	205	Infective endocarditis	
dxcode	dxcode	206	Viral exanthem (not otherwise specified)	
dxcode	dxcode	207	Fungal nail infection	
dxcode	dxcode	207	Nail infection, fungal	
dxcode	dxcode	208	Wart, common mild	
dxcode	dxcode	209	Wart, extensive (common or flat)	
dxcode	dxcode	210	Giardiasis	
dxcode	dxcode	211	Mycobacterial infection- non-Tb, disseminated	
dxcode	dxcode	212	Mycobacterial infection - non-Tb	
dxcode	dxcode	213	Tuberculosis - lymph node	
dxcode	dxcode	214	Fever, chronic HIV associated	
dxcode	dxcode	215	Bacteremia	
dxcode	dxcode	216	Malnutrition - severe	
dxcode	dxcode	217	Neutropenia  - HIV related	
dxcode	dxcode	218	Thrombocytopenia - HIV related	
dxcode	dxcode	219	Anaemia - HIV related	
dxcode	dxcode	220	Parotid enlargement - HIV related	
dxcode	dxcode	221	Oral ulcers - recurrent	
dxcode	dxcode	222	Neuralgia	
dxcode	dxcode	223	Subconjuctival haemorrhages	
dxcode	dxcode	224	Cataract	
dxcode	dxcode	225	Congenital malformation ambiguous genitalia	
dxcode	dxcode	226	Hypotonia	
dxcode	dxcode	227	Spinal deformities	
dxcode	dxcode	228	Congenital malformation, myelomeningocele	
dxcode	dxcode	229	Jaundice, neonatal	
dxcode	dxcode	230	Tracheo-oesophageal fistula	
dxcode	dxcode	231	Congenital malformation, esophageal atresia	
dxcode	dxcode	232	Congenital malformation, diaphragmatic hernia	
dxcode	dxcode	233	Congenital malformation, omphalocele	
dxcode	dxcode	234	Congenital malformation, gastroschisis	
dxcode	dxcode	235	Rubella, congenital	
dxcode	dxcode	236	Congenital malformation, pyloric stenosis	
dxcode	dxcode	237	Scalded skin syndrome	
dxcode	dxcode	238	Ophthalmia neonatorum	
dxcode	dxcode	239	Acute uvulitis	
dxcode	dxcode	240	Halitosis	
dxcode	dxcode	241	Laryngeal papillomatosis	
dxcode	dxcode	242	Tracheomalacia	
dxcode	dxcode	243	Pericarditis	
dxcode	dxcode	244	Gastroesophageal reflux	
dxcode	dxcode	245	Intussusception	
dxcode	dxcode	246	Congenital malformation, clubfoot	
dxcode	dxcode	247	Cerebral palsy	
dxcode	dxcode	248	Hydrocephalus	
dxcode	dxcode	249	Microcephaly	
dxcode	dxcode	250	Brachial plexus injury	
dxcode	dxcode	251	Floppy infant syndrome	
dxcode	dxcode	252	Infant colic	
dxcode	dxcode	253	Poisoning	
dxcode	dxcode	254	Invasive cervical carcinoma	
dxcode	dxcode	255	Visceral leishmaniasis	
dxcode	dxcode	256	Vulvovaginitis, unexplained	
dxcode	dxcode	257	Genital wart (condyloma acuminata)	
dxcode	dxcode	258	Enital ulcer, unspecified	
dxcode	dxcode	259	Trichomonas	
dxcode	dxcode	260	Bacterial vaginosis	
dxcode	dxcode	261	Chlamydia	
dxcode	dxcode	262	Gonorrhea	
dxcode	dxcode	263	Pelvic inflammatory disease	
dxcode	dxcode	264	Tubo-ovarian abscess	
dxcode	dxcode	265	Fibroid uterus	
dxcode	dxcode	266	Polyp, cervical	
dxcode	dxcode	267	Amenorrhea, secondary	
dxcode	dxcode	268	Post coital bleeding	
dxcode	dxcode	269	Oligomenorrhea	
dxcode	dxcode	270	Menorrhagia	
dxcode	dxcode	271	Prior cesarean delivery	
dxcode	dxcode	272	Post-cesarean wound infection	
dxcode	dxcode	273	Post-cesarean wound separation	
dxcode	dxcode	274	Episiotomy infection	
dxcode	dxcode	275	Non-healing episiotomy (non-infected)	
dxcode	dxcode	276	Ectopic pregnancy	
dxcode	dxcode	277	Spontaneous abortion/Miscarriage	
dxcode	dxcode	278	Therapeutic abortion (elective/induced)	
dxcode	dxcode	279	Gestational diabetes	
dxcode	dxcode	280	Placenta previa	
dxcode	dxcode	281	Chorioamnionitis	
dxcode	dxcode	282	Preterm premature rupture of membranes (PPROM)	
dxcode	dxcode	283	Premature rupture of membranes (PROM)	
dxcode	dxcode	284	Spontaneous rupture of membranes (SROM)	
dxcode	dxcode	285	Oligohydramnios	
dxcode	dxcode	286	Polyhydramnios	
dxcode	dxcode	287	Intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR), fetal	
dxcode	dxcode	288	Intrauterine fetal demise	
dxcode	dxcode	289	Abruptio placenta	
dxcode	dxcode	290	Preterm contractions	
dxcode	dxcode	291	Preterm labor	
dxcode	dxcode	292	Preterm delivery	
dxcode	dxcode	293	Gestational hypertension	
dxcode	dxcode	294	Pre-eclampsia, mild	
dxcode	dxcode	295	Pre-eclampsia, severe	
dxcode	dxcode	296	Eclampsia	
dxcode	dxcode	297	Hellp syndrome	
dxcode	dxcode	298	Acute fatty liver	
dxcode	dxcode	299	Chronic hypertension	
dxcode	dxcode	300	Uterine rupture	
dxcode	dxcode	301	Uterine scar dehiscence	
dxcode	dxcode	302	Vaginal or vulvar hematoma	
dxcode	dxcode	303	Postpartum/postoperative endometritis	
dxcode	dxcode	304	Postpartum hemorrhage	
dxcode	dxcode	305	Mastitis	
dxcode	dxcode	306	Breast abscess	
dxcode	dxcode	307	Depression, postpartum	
dxcode	dxcode	308	Depression, non-postpartum	
dxcode	dxcode	309	Cholelithiasis	
dxcode	dxcode	310	Cholecystitis	
dxcode	dxcode	311	Bell's palsy	
dxcode	dxcode	312	Stomatitis, aphthous	
dxcode	dxcode	313	Nephrolithiasis	
dxcode	dxcode	314	Rash, allergic	
dxcode	dxcode	315	Lactic acidosis	
dxcode	dxcode	316	Deep vein thrombosis	
dxcode	dxcode	317	Pulmonary embolus	
dxcode	dxcode	318	Congenital malformation, down syndrome (trisomy 21)	
dxcode	dxcode	319	Congenital malformation, turner syndrome	
dxcode	dxcode	320	Congenital malformation, cleft lip/cleft palate	
dxcode	dxcode	321	Congenital malformation, hypospadias	
dxcode	dxcode	322	Labor	
dxcode	dxcode	323	Epistaxis	
dxcode	dxcode	324	Viremia	
dxcode	dxcode	325	Abdominal colic	
dxcode	dxcode	326	Candidiasis - perianal	
dxcode	dxcode	327	Hypothermia	
dxcode	dxcode	328	Bronchiolitis	
dxcode	dxcode	329	Respiratory failure	
dxcode	dxcode	330	Keratoderma plantaris/palmaris	
dxcode	dxcode	331	Phimosis	
dxcode	dxcode	332	Constipation	
dxcode	dxcode	333	Pulp space infection	
dxcode	dxcode	334	Anaphylactic reaction	
dxcode	dxcode	335	Sciatica	
dxcode	dxcode	336	Electrolyte imbalance	
dxcode	dxcode	337	Hemoglobinuria	
dxcode	dxcode	338	Antepartum hemorrhage	
dxcode	dxcode	339	Measles-like illness	
dxcode	dxcode	340	Marasmic- kwashiorkor	
dxcode	dxcode	341	Rectal prolapse	
dxcode	dxcode	342	Congestive cardiac failure	
dxcode	dxcode	343	Accident/suicide/trauma	
dxcode	dxcode	344	Other	
dxcode	dxcode	cl.malaria	Clinical malaria	
dxcode	dxcode	clinical malaria	Clinical malaria	
dxcode	dxcode	no	No	
dxcode	dxcode	pud		
dxcode	dxcode	headache	Headache - unspecified	
dxcode	dxcode	headack	Headache - unspecified	
malariacat	malariacat	blood smear not indicated	Blood smear not indicated	7
malariacat	malariacat	blood smear indicated but not done	Blood smear indicated but not done	6
malariacat	malariacat	blood smear negative / lamp negative	Blood smear negative, LAMP negative	4
malariacat	malariacat	blood smear negative / lamp not done	Blood smear negative, LAMP not done	5
malariacat	malariacat	blood smear negative / lamp positive	Blood smear negative, LAMP positive	3
malariacat	malariacat	blood smear positive / no malaria	Blood smear positive, no malaria	2
malariacat	malariacat	symptomatic malaria	Symptomatic malaria	1
lamp	lamp	1	Positive	
lamp	lamp	0	Negative	
