variable	variable2	values	mappedTerm
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::anxietydepression	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::anxietydepression	0	Not anxious or depressed
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::anxietydepression	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::anxietydepression	1	Moderately anxious or depressed
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::anxietydepression	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::anxietydepression	2	Extremely anxious or depressed
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::arteryligation	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::arteryligation	0	No
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::arteryligation	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::arteryligation	1	Yes
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babybreastfed1	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babybreastfed1	0	No
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babybreastfed1	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babybreastfed1	1	Yes
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babybreastfed2	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babybreastfed2	0	No
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babybreastfed2	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babybreastfed2	1	Yes
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babybreastfed3	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babybreastfed3	0	No
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babybreastfed3	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babybreastfed3	1	Yes
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babybreastfed4	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babybreastfed4	0	No
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babybreastfed4	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babybreastfed4	1	Yes
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babybreastfed5	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babybreastfed5	0	No
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babybreastfed5	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babybreastfed5	1	Yes
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babyhealthy1	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babyhealthy1	0	No
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babyhealthy1	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babyhealthy1	1	Yes
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babyhealthy2	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babyhealthy2	0	No
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babyhealthy2	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babyhealthy2	1	Yes
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babyhealthy3	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babyhealthy3	0	No
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babyhealthy3	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babyhealthy3	1	Yes
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babyhealthy4	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babyhealthy4	0	No
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babyhealthy4	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babyhealthy4	1	Yes
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babyhealthy5	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babyhealthy5	0	No
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babyhealthy5	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babyhealthy5	1	Yes
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::bracesuturesuterus	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::bracesuturesuterus	0	No
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::bracesuturesuterus	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::bracesuturesuterus	1	Yes
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::cardiacfailure	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::cardiacfailure	0	No
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::cardiacfailure	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::cardiacfailure	1	Yes
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::deepveinthrombosis	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::deepveinthrombosis	0	No
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::deepveinthrombosis	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::deepveinthrombosis	1	Yes
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::dischargestatus	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::dischargestatus	0	Discharged
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::dischargestatus	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::dischargestatus	1	Still in hospital now
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::dischargestatus	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::dischargestatus	2	Transferred to another hospital
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::intrauterinetamponade	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::intrauterinetamponade	0	No
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::intrauterinetamponade	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::intrauterinetamponade	1	Yes
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::laparotomy	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::laparotomy	0	No
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::laparotomy	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::laparotomy	1	Yes
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::manualremovalofplacenta	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::manualremovalofplacenta	0	No
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::manualremovalofplacenta	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::manualremovalofplacenta	1	Yes
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::mechanicalventilation	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::mechanicalventilation	0	No
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::mechanicalventilation	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::mechanicalventilation	1	Yes
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::misoprostol	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::misoprostol	0	No
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::misoprostol	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::misoprostol	1	Yes
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::mobility	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::mobility	0	No problems walking about
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::mobility	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::mobility	1	Some problems walking about
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::mobility	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::mobility	2	Confined to bed
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::myocardialinfarction	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::myocardialinfarction	0	No
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::myocardialinfarction	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::myocardialinfarction	1	Yes
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::oxytocin	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::oxytocin	0	No
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::oxytocin	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::oxytocin	1	Yes
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::paindiscomfort	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::paindiscomfort	0	No pain or discomfort
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::paindiscomfort	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::paindiscomfort	1	Moderate pain or discomfort
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::paindiscomfort	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::paindiscomfort	2	Severe pain or discomfort
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::placentadelivered	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::placentadelivered	0	No
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::placentadelivered	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::placentadelivered	1	Yes
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::primarycausehaem	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::primarycausehaem	0	Placenta praevia/accreta
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::primarycausehaem	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::primarycausehaem	1	Surgical trauma/tears
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::primarycausehaem	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::primarycausehaem	2	Uterine atony
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::primarycausehaem	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::primarycausehaem	3	Unknown
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::prostaglandins	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::prostaglandins	0	No
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::prostaglandins	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::prostaglandins	1	Yes
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::pulmonaryembolism	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::pulmonaryembolism	0	No
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::pulmonaryembolism	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::pulmonaryembolism	1	Yes
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::renalfailure	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::renalfailure	0	No
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::renalfailure	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::renalfailure	1	Yes
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::respiratoryfailure	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::respiratoryfailure	0	No
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::respiratoryfailure	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::respiratoryfailure	1	Yes
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::seizure	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::seizure	0	No
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::seizure	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::seizure	1	Yes
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::selfcare	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::selfcare	0	No problems with self-care
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::selfcare	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::selfcare	1	Some problems with washing or dressing
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::selfcare	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::selfcare	2	Unable to wash or dress
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::sepsis	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::sepsis	0	No
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::sepsis	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::sepsis	1	Yes
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::signsinstability	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::signsinstability	0	No
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::signsinstability	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::signsinstability	1	Yes
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::stroke	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::stroke	0	No
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::stroke	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::stroke	1	Yes
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::transfusion	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::transfusion	0	No
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::transfusion	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::transfusion	1	Yes
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::usualactivities	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::usualactivities	0	No problems with performing usual activities
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::usualactivities	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::usualactivities	1	Some problems with washing or dressing
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::usualactivities	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::usualactivities	2	Unable to perform usual activities
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::uteroproph	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::uteroproph	0	No
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::uteroproph	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::uteroproph	1	Yes
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::uteroproph	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::uteroproph	2	Unknown
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::uterotonicsadministered	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::uterotonicsadministered	0	No
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::uterotonicsadministered	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::uterotonicsadministered	1	Yes
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babythromboembolic1	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babythromboembolic1	0	No
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babythromboembolic1	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babythromboembolic1	1	Yes
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babythromboembolic2	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babythromboembolic2	0	No
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babythromboembolic2	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babythromboembolic2	1	Yes
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babythromboembolic3	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babythromboembolic3	0	No
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babythromboembolic3	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babythromboembolic3	1	Yes
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babythromboembolic4	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babythromboembolic4	0	No
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babythromboembolic4	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babythromboembolic4	1	Yes
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babythromboembolic5	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babythromboembolic5	0	No
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babythromboembolic5	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babythromboembolic5	1	Yes
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::typeofdelivery	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::typeofdelivery	0	Vaginal
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::typeofdelivery	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::typeofdelivery	1	Caesarean section
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babyalive1	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babyalive1	0	No
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babyalive1	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babyalive1	1	Yes
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babyalive2	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babyalive2	0	No
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babyalive2	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babyalive2	1	Yes
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babyalive3	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babyalive3	0	No
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babyalive3	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babyalive3	1	Yes
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babyalive4	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babyalive4	0	No
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babyalive4	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babyalive4	1	Yes
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babyalive5	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babyalive5	0	No
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babyalive5	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::babyalive5	1	Yes
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::causedeath	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::causedeath	0	Bleeding
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::causedeath	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::causedeath	1	Other
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::causedeath	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::causedeath	2	Pulmonary Embolism
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::hysterectomy	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::hysterectomy	0	No
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::hysterectomy	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::hysterectomy	1	Yes
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::hysterectomydecisionbeforedelive	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::hysterectomydecisionbeforedelive	0	No
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::hysterectomydecisionbeforedelive	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::hysterectomydecisionbeforedelive	1	Yes
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::hysterectomydecisionbeforerandom	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::hysterectomydecisionbeforerandom	0	No
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::hysterectomydecisionbeforerandom	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::hysterectomydecisionbeforerandom	1	Yes
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::hysterectomyinfluenced	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::hysterectomyinfluenced	0	No
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::hysterectomyinfluenced	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::hysterectomyinfluenced	1	Yes
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::reasonhysterectomy	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::reasonhysterectomy	0	To remove an abnormally adherent placenta (previa or accreta)
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::reasonhysterectomy	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::reasonhysterectomy	1	To remove a severely ruptured; damaged or infected uterus
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::reasonhysterectomy	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::reasonhysterectomy	2	To remove another uterine abnormality - e.g. uterinemyoma
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::reasonhysterectomy	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::reasonhysterectomy	3	To control bleeding
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::reasonhysterectomy	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::reasonhysterectomy	4	Other reason (specify)
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::deliveryinhospital	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::deliveryinhospital	0	No
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::deliveryinhospital	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::deliveryinhospital	1	Yes
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::embolisation	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::embolisation	0	No
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::embolisation	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::embolisation	1	Yes
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::ergometrine	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::ergometrine	0	No
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::ergometrine	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::ergometrine	1	Yes
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::fullyeligible	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::fullyeligible	0	No
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::fullyeligible	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::fullyeligible	1	Yes
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::hepaticfailure	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::hepaticfailure	0	No
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::hepaticfailure	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::hepaticfailure	1	Yes
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::trialtreatdose1	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::trialtreatdose1	0	No
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::trialtreatdose1	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::trialtreatdose1	1	Yes
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::trialtreatdose2	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::trialtreatdose2	0	No
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::trialtreatdose2	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::trialtreatdose2	1	Yes
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::unblinded	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::unblinded	0	No
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::unblinded	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::unblinded	1	Yes
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::wd	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::wd	0	No
woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::wd	woman_trial_dataset_anonymised::wd	1	Yes
