variable	variable	values	mappedTerm
blind-tr-public::tr	blind-tr-public::tr	1	Control
blind-tr-public::tr	blind-tr-public::tr	2	Water
blind-tr-public::tr	blind-tr-public::tr	3	Sanitation
blind-tr-public::tr	blind-tr-public::tr	4	Handwashing
blind-tr-public::tr	blind-tr-public::tr	5	WSH
blind-tr-public::tr	blind-tr-public::tr	6	Nutrition
blind-tr-public::tr	blind-tr-public::tr	7	Nutrition + WSH
blind-tr-public::tr	blind-tr-public::tr	8	Passive Control
diar-public::bicycle	diar-public::bicycle	0	No bicycle
diar-public::bicycle	diar-public::bicycle	1	Has bicycle
diar-public::bicycle	diar-public::bicycle	9	Missing/DK
diar-public::clock	diar-public::clock	0	No clock
diar-public::clock	diar-public::clock	1	Has clock
diar-public::clock	diar-public::clock	9	Missing/DK
diar-public::cooker	diar-public::cooker	0	No gas cooker
diar-public::cooker	diar-public::cooker	1	Has gas cooker
diar-public::cooker	diar-public::cooker	9	Missing/DK
diar-public::elec	diar-public::elec	0	No electricity
diar-public::elec	diar-public::elec	1	Has electricity
diar-public::elec	diar-public::elec	9	Missing/DK
diar-public::floor	diar-public::floor	0	Earth/dung
diar-public::floor	diar-public::floor	1	Concrete
diar-public::floor	diar-public::floor	9	Missing/DK
diar-public::mobilephone	diar-public::mobilephone	0	No mobile phone
diar-public::mobilephone	diar-public::mobilephone	1	Any mobile phones
diar-public::mobilephone	diar-public::mobilephone	9	Missing/DK
diar-public::motorcycle	diar-public::motorcycle	0	No motorcycle
diar-public::motorcycle	diar-public::motorcycle	1	Has motorcycle
diar-public::motorcycle	diar-public::motorcycle	9	Missing/DK
diar-public::radio	diar-public::radio	0	No radio
diar-public::radio	diar-public::radio	1	Has radio
diar-public::radio	diar-public::radio	9	Missing/DK
diar-public::roof	diar-public::roof	0	Thatch/leaf
diar-public::roof	diar-public::roof	1	Iron/other
diar-public::roof	diar-public::roof	9	Missing/DK
diar-public::stove	diar-public::stove	0	No stove
diar-public::stove	diar-public::stove	1	Has stove
diar-public::stove	diar-public::stove	9	Missing/DK
diar-public::tr	diar-public::tr	1	Control
diar-public::tr	diar-public::tr	2	Water
diar-public::tr	diar-public::tr	3	Sanitation
diar-public::tr	diar-public::tr	4	Handwashing
diar-public::tr	diar-public::tr	5	WSH
diar-public::tr	diar-public::tr	6	Nutrition
diar-public::tr	diar-public::tr	7	Nutrition + WSH
diar-public::tr	diar-public::tr	8	Passive Control
diar-public::walls	diar-public::walls	0	Bamboo/mud/cane
diar-public::walls	diar-public::walls	1	Concrete
diar-public::walls	diar-public::walls	9	Missing/DK
endline-anthro-public::bicycle	endline-anthro-public::bicycle	0	No bicycle
endline-anthro-public::bicycle	endline-anthro-public::bicycle	1	Has bicycle
endline-anthro-public::bicycle	endline-anthro-public::bicycle	9	Missing/DK
endline-anthro-public::car	endline-anthro-public::car	0	No car
endline-anthro-public::car	endline-anthro-public::car	1	Has car
endline-anthro-public::car	endline-anthro-public::car	9	Missing/DK
endline-anthro-public::clock	endline-anthro-public::clock	0	No clock
endline-anthro-public::clock	endline-anthro-public::clock	1	Has clock
endline-anthro-public::clock	endline-anthro-public::clock	9	Missing/DK
endline-anthro-public::cooker	endline-anthro-public::cooker	0	No gas cooker
endline-anthro-public::cooker	endline-anthro-public::cooker	1	Has gas cooker
endline-anthro-public::cooker	endline-anthro-public::cooker	9	Missing/DK
endline-anthro-public::elec	endline-anthro-public::elec	0	No electricity
endline-anthro-public::elec	endline-anthro-public::elec	1	Has electricity
endline-anthro-public::elec	endline-anthro-public::elec	9	Missing/DK
endline-anthro-public::floor	endline-anthro-public::floor	0	Earth/dung
endline-anthro-public::floor	endline-anthro-public::floor	1	Cement/concrete
endline-anthro-public::floor	endline-anthro-public::floor	9	Missing/DK
endline-anthro-public::mobilephone	endline-anthro-public::mobilephone	0	No mobile phone
endline-anthro-public::mobilephone	endline-anthro-public::mobilephone	1	Any mobile phones
endline-anthro-public::mobilephone	endline-anthro-public::mobilephone	9	Missing/DK
endline-anthro-public::motorcycle	endline-anthro-public::motorcycle	0	No motorcycle
endline-anthro-public::motorcycle	endline-anthro-public::motorcycle	1	Has motorcycle
endline-anthro-public::motorcycle	endline-anthro-public::motorcycle	9	Missing/DK
endline-anthro-public::radio	endline-anthro-public::radio	0	No radio
endline-anthro-public::radio	endline-anthro-public::radio	1	Has radio
endline-anthro-public::radio	endline-anthro-public::radio	9	Missing/DK
endline-anthro-public::roof	endline-anthro-public::roof	0	Thatch/leaf
endline-anthro-public::roof	endline-anthro-public::roof	1	Iron/other
endline-anthro-public::roof	endline-anthro-public::roof	9	Missing/DK
endline-anthro-public::stove	endline-anthro-public::stove	0	No stove
endline-anthro-public::stove	endline-anthro-public::stove	1	Has stove
endline-anthro-public::stove	endline-anthro-public::stove	9	Missing/DK
endline-anthro-public::tv	endline-anthro-public::tv	0	No TV
endline-anthro-public::tv	endline-anthro-public::tv	1	Owns TV
endline-anthro-public::tv	endline-anthro-public::tv	9	Missing/DK
endline-anthro-public::walls	endline-anthro-public::walls	0	Bamboo/mud/cane
endline-anthro-public::walls	endline-anthro-public::walls	1	Concrete
endline-anthro-public::walls	endline-anthro-public::walls	9	Missing/DK
midline-anthro-public::bicycle	midline-anthro-public::bicycle	0	No bicycle
midline-anthro-public::bicycle	midline-anthro-public::bicycle	1	Has bicycle
midline-anthro-public::bicycle	midline-anthro-public::bicycle	9	Missing/DK
midline-anthro-public::car	midline-anthro-public::car	0	No car
midline-anthro-public::car	midline-anthro-public::car	1	Has car
midline-anthro-public::car	midline-anthro-public::car	9	Missing/DK
midline-anthro-public::clock	midline-anthro-public::clock	0	No clock
midline-anthro-public::clock	midline-anthro-public::clock	1	Has clock
midline-anthro-public::clock	midline-anthro-public::clock	9	Missing/DK
midline-anthro-public::cooker	midline-anthro-public::cooker	0	No gas cooker
midline-anthro-public::cooker	midline-anthro-public::cooker	1	Has gas cooker
midline-anthro-public::cooker	midline-anthro-public::cooker	9	Missing/DK
midline-anthro-public::elec	midline-anthro-public::elec	0	No electricity
midline-anthro-public::elec	midline-anthro-public::elec	1	Has electricity
midline-anthro-public::elec	midline-anthro-public::elec	9	Missing/DK
midline-anthro-public::floor	midline-anthro-public::floor	0	Earth/dung
midline-anthro-public::floor	midline-anthro-public::floor	1	Cement/concrete
midline-anthro-public::floor	midline-anthro-public::floor	9	Missing/DK
midline-anthro-public::mobilephone	midline-anthro-public::mobilephone	0	No mobile phone
midline-anthro-public::mobilephone	midline-anthro-public::mobilephone	1	Any mobile phones
midline-anthro-public::mobilephone	midline-anthro-public::mobilephone	9	Missing/DK
midline-anthro-public::motorcycle	midline-anthro-public::motorcycle	0	No motorcycle
midline-anthro-public::motorcycle	midline-anthro-public::motorcycle	1	Has motorcycle
midline-anthro-public::motorcycle	midline-anthro-public::motorcycle	9	Missing/DK
midline-anthro-public::radio	midline-anthro-public::radio	0	No radio
midline-anthro-public::radio	midline-anthro-public::radio	1	Has radio
midline-anthro-public::radio	midline-anthro-public::radio	9	Missing/DK
midline-anthro-public::roof	midline-anthro-public::roof	0	Thatch/leaf
midline-anthro-public::roof	midline-anthro-public::roof	1	Iron/other
midline-anthro-public::roof	midline-anthro-public::roof	9	Missing/DK
midline-anthro-public::stove	midline-anthro-public::stove	0	No stove
midline-anthro-public::stove	midline-anthro-public::stove	1	Has stove
midline-anthro-public::stove	midline-anthro-public::stove	9	Missing/DK
midline-anthro-public::tv	midline-anthro-public::tv	0	No TV
midline-anthro-public::tv	midline-anthro-public::tv	1	Owns TV
midline-anthro-public::tv	midline-anthro-public::tv	9	Missing/DK
midline-anthro-public::walls	midline-anthro-public::walls	0	Bamboo/mud/cane
midline-anthro-public::walls	midline-anthro-public::walls	1	Concrete
midline-anthro-public::walls	midline-anthro-public::walls	9	Missing/DK
tracking-public::parasite_bl	tracking-public::parasite_bl	1	YES
tracking-public::parasite_bl	tracking-public::parasite_bl	2	NO
tr-public::tr	tr-public::tr	1	Control
tr-public::tr	tr-public::tr	2	Water
tr-public::tr	tr-public::tr	3	Sanitation
tr-public::tr	tr-public::tr	4	Handwashing
tr-public::tr	tr-public::tr	5	WSH
tr-public::tr	tr-public::tr	6	Nutrition
tr-public::tr	tr-public::tr	7	Nutrition + WSH
tr-public::tr	tr-public::tr	8	Passive Control
tracking-public::attritioncase_el	tracking-public::attritioncase_el	1	YES
tracking-public::attritioncase_el	tracking-public::attritioncase_el	2	NO
diar-public::HHS	diar-public::HHS	1	Little to none
diar-public::HHS	diar-public::HHS	2	Moderate
diar-public::HHS	diar-public::HHS	3	Severe
diar-public::HHS	diar-public::HHS	9	Missing
endline-anthro-public::HHS	endline-anthro-public::HHS	1	Little to none
endline-anthro-public::HHS	endline-anthro-public::HHS	2	Moderate
endline-anthro-public::HHS	endline-anthro-public::HHS	3	Severe
endline-anthro-public::HHS	endline-anthro-public::HHS	9	Missing
midline-anthro-public::HHS	midline-anthro-public::HHS	1	Little to none
midline-anthro-public::HHS	midline-anthro-public::HHS	2	Moderate
midline-anthro-public::HHS	midline-anthro-public::HHS	3	Severe
midline-anthro-public::HHS	midline-anthro-public::HHS	9	Missing
mortality-public::childtype	EUPATH_0035112	1	Study Child
mortality-public::childtype	EUPATH_0035112	2	Study Child Twin
mortality-public::childtype	EUPATH_0035112	4	Comparison/Parasite Child
mortality-public::childtype	EUPATH_0035112	5	Secondary Child
mortality-public::childtype	EUPATH_0035112	6	Newborn into study
bruise-public::sex	bruise-public::sex	0	Male
bruise-public::sex	bruise-public::sex	1	Female
diar-public::mother_edu	diar-public::mother_edu	0	Incomplete primary
diar-public::mother_edu	diar-public::mother_edu	1	Complete primary
diar-public::mother_edu	diar-public::mother_edu	2	Any secondary
diar-public::mother_edu	diar-public::mother_edu	9	Don't know
diar-public::mother_edu	EUPATH_0036220	dont know	Don't know
endline-anthro-public::mother_edu	endline-anthro-public::mother_edu	0	Incomplete primary
endline-anthro-public::mother_edu	endline-anthro-public::mother_edu	1	Complete primary
endline-anthro-public::mother_edu	endline-anthro-public::mother_edu	2	Any secondary
endline-anthro-public::mother_edu	endline-anthro-public::mother_edu	9	Don't know
endline-anthro-public::sex	endline-anthro-public::sex	0	Male
endline-anthro-public::sex	endline-anthro-public::sex	1	Female
midline-anthro-public::mother_edu	midline-anthro-public::mother_edu	0	Incomplete primary
midline-anthro-public::mother_edu	midline-anthro-public::mother_edu	1	Complete primary
midline-anthro-public::mother_edu	midline-anthro-public::mother_edu	2	Any secondary
midline-anthro-public::mother_edu	midline-anthro-public::mother_edu	9	Don't know
midline-anthro-public::sex	midline-anthro-public::sex	0	Male
midline-anthro-public::sex	midline-anthro-public::sex	1	Female
diar-public::sex	diar-public::sex	0	Male
diar-public::sex	diar-public::sex	1	Female
diar-public::tv	diar-public::tv	0	No TV
diar-public::tv	diar-public::tv	1	Owns TV
diar-public::tv	diar-public::tv	9	Missing/DK
uptake-baseline-public::household_timepoint	uptake-baseline-public::household_timepoint	{{^.*}}	0
uptake-midline-public::household_timepoint	uptake-midline-public::household_timepoint	{{^.*}}	1
uptake-endline-public::household_timepoint	uptake-endline-public::household_timepoint	{{^.*}}	2
bruise-public::bruise2	bruise-public::bruise2	0	No
bruise-public::bruise2	bruise-public::bruise2	1	Yes
bruise-public::bruise7	bruise-public::bruise7	0	No
bruise-public::bruise7	bruise-public::bruise7	1	Yes
uptake-baseline-public::chlorine	uptake-baseline-public::chlorine	0	No
uptake-baseline-public::chlorine	uptake-baseline-public::chlorine	1	Yes
uptake-midline-public::chlorine	uptake-midline-public::chlorine	0	No
uptake-midline-public::chlorine	uptake-midline-public::chlorine	1	Yes
uptake-endline-public::chlorine	uptake-endline-public::chlorine	0	No
uptake-endline-public::chlorine	uptake-endline-public::chlorine	1	Yes
diar-public::diarr2	diar-public::diarr2	0	No
diar-public::diarr2	diar-public::diarr2	1	Yes
diar-public::diarr7	diar-public::diarr7	0	No
diar-public::diarr7	diar-public::diarr7	1	Yes
uptake-baseline-public::imp_lat	uptake-baseline-public::imp_lat	0	No
uptake-baseline-public::imp_lat	uptake-baseline-public::imp_lat	1	Yes
uptake-midline-public::imp_lat	uptake-midline-public::imp_lat	0	No
uptake-midline-public::imp_lat	uptake-midline-public::imp_lat	1	Yes
uptake-endline-public::imp_lat	uptake-endline-public::imp_lat	0	No
uptake-endline-public::imp_lat	uptake-endline-public::imp_lat	1	Yes
bruise-public::newbirth	bruise-public::newbirth	0	No
bruise-public::newbirth	bruise-public::newbirth	1	Yes
diar-public::newbirth	diar-public::newbirth	0	No
diar-public::newbirth	diar-public::newbirth	1	Yes
endline-anthro-public::newbirth	endline-anthro-public::newbirth	0	No
endline-anthro-public::newbirth	endline-anthro-public::newbirth	1	Yes
midline-anthro-public::newbirth	midline-anthro-public::newbirth	0	No
midline-anthro-public::newbirth	midline-anthro-public::newbirth	1	Yes
endline-anthro-public::sstunted	endline-anthro-public::sstunted	0	No
endline-anthro-public::sstunted	endline-anthro-public::sstunted	1	Yes
midline-anthro-public::sstunted	midline-anthro-public::sstunted	0	No
midline-anthro-public::sstunted	midline-anthro-public::sstunted	1	Yes
uptake-baseline-public::hws	uptake-baseline-public::hws	0	No
uptake-baseline-public::hws	uptake-baseline-public::hws	1	Yes
uptake-midline-public::hws	uptake-midline-public::hws	0	No
uptake-midline-public::hws	uptake-midline-public::hws	1	Yes
uptake-endline-public::hws	uptake-endline-public::hws	0	No
uptake-endline-public::hws	uptake-endline-public::hws	1	Yes
endline-anthro-public::stunted	endline-anthro-public::stunted	0	No
endline-anthro-public::stunted	endline-anthro-public::stunted	1	Yes
midline-anthro-public::stunted	midline-anthro-public::stunted	0	No
midline-anthro-public::stunted	midline-anthro-public::stunted	1	Yes
diar-public::targetchild	diar-public::targetchild	0	No
diar-public::targetchild	diar-public::targetchild	1	Yes
endline-anthro-public::targetchild	endline-anthro-public::targetchild	0	No
endline-anthro-public::targetchild	endline-anthro-public::targetchild	1	Yes
midline-anthro-public::targetchild	midline-anthro-public::targetchild	0	No
midline-anthro-public::targetchild	midline-anthro-public::targetchild	1	Yes
endline-anthro-public::underwt	endline-anthro-public::underwt	0	No
endline-anthro-public::underwt	endline-anthro-public::underwt	1	Yes
midline-anthro-public::underwt	midline-anthro-public::underwt	0	No
midline-anthro-public::underwt	midline-anthro-public::underwt	1	Yes