Ontology Term IRIs	Ontology Term Label	PRISM Category for display (term in EuPath Preferred Label)
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000026	land area measured in acres	household information
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000027	number of meals per day	household information
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000028	number of days eating meat in a week	household information
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000019	number of people per household	household information
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000025	number of rooms	dwelling information
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000031	number of female anopheles mosquitoes by CDC trap	
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0001169	age since birth measurement datum	participant characteristics
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000113	age since birth at time of visit	
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000018	air brick	dwelling ventilation
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000063	artemether-lumefantrine drug product	malaria medication
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000089	diagnosis of asymptomatic parasitemia	diagnosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000034	alpha thalassemia genotype	genotype
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000126	sample available information	
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000116	average number of female Anoepheles	
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000118	average number of sporozoite-positive female Anopheles	
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000117	average number of female Anopheles tested for sporozoite	
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000114	average asexual parasite density of a participant with asymptomatic parasitemia	
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000115	average asexual parasite density of a participant with malaria	
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000119	average sporozoite rate of female Anopheles	
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000048	blood smear reading as positive or negative	laboratory finding
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBIB_0000036	buffy coat specimen	available sample
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000001	building material	
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DRON_00021246	Chloroquine Injectable Solution	malaria medication
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DRON_00021247	Chloroquine Oral Tablet	malaria medication
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000049	clinical visit	
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000091	clinical visit date	
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000040	diagnosis of complicated malaria	diagnosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000042	diagnoses of complicated malaria with danger signs	diagnosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000023	cooking fuel material	dwelling facility
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OGMS_0000073	diagnosis	
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000030	distance to health facility in km	dwelling information
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/ENVO_00003064	drinking water	dwelling facility
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000099	dwelling facility	
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000093	dwelling information	
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000002	dwelling	
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000053	dwelling ventilation	
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000015	eaves	dwelling ventilation
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000022	household having electricity information	dwelling information
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000097	febrile	participant characteristics
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000100	subjective fever	participant characteristics
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000127	blood specimen on filter paper	available sample
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000006	floor material	building material
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000029	frequency of not satisfying food needs	household information
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000033	glucose 6 phosphate dehydrogenase genotype	genotype
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0001305	genotype information	
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000047	hemoglobin level in gm per dL	laboratory finding
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000035	sickle hemoglobin genotype	genotype
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000094	household identifier	household information
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000087	household information	
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000014	household wealth index	household information
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OGMS_0000018	laboratory finding	
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000024	lighting material	dwelling facility
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000090	diagnosis of malaria - unspecified	diagnosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000058	malaria medication	
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000057	medication material	
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000059	non-malaria medication	
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000120	number of CDC light trap collections	
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000124	number of non-routine clinical visits	
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000123	number of clinical visits with asymptomatic parasitemia	
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000122	number of clinical visits resulting in a malaria diagnosis	
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000092	asexual parasite density in count per ul	laboratory finding
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000096	participant characteristics	
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000095	human participant identifier	participant information
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000128	peripheral blood mononuclear cell specimen	available sample
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/OBI_0100016	blood plasma specimen	available sample
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000062	quinine drug product	malaria medication
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000129	red blood cell specimen	available sample
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000003	roof material	building material
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000050	routine clinical visit	visit type
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000043	diagnosis of severe malaria	diagnosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000046	severe malaria symptom or sign	participant characteristics
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/PATO_0000047	biological sex	participant characteristics
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000036	diagnosis of malaria	
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000110	organismal body temperature measurement datum	participant characteristics
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000021	toilet	dwelling facility
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000125	number of routine clinical visits	
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000121	number of clinical visits	
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000054	district in Uganda	
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000038	diagnosis of uncomplicated malaria	diagnosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000088	diagnosis of uncomplicated malaria in the 1st trimester of pregnancy	diagnosis
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/EUPATH_0000009	wall material	building material
