variable	variable2	values	mappedTerm	valueOrder
cdclustername	cdclustername	1	Coast	
cdclustername	cdclustername	2	Lake	
cdclustername	cdclustername	3	Nairobi	
cdq1akeypopulation	cdq1akeypopulation	1	AGYW	
cdq1akeypopulation	cdq1akeypopulation	2	FSW	
cdq1akeypopulation	cdq1akeypopulation	3	MSM	
cd_county_coded	cd_county_coded	1	Taita taveta	
cd_county_coded	cd_county_coded	2	Mombasa	
cd_county_coded	cd_county_coded	3	Kilifi	
cd_county_coded	cd_county_coded	4	Kwale	
cd_county_coded	cd_county_coded	5	Migori	
cd_county_coded	cd_county_coded	6	Kisumu	
cd_county_coded	cd_county_coded	7	Kisii	
cd_county_coded	cd_county_coded	8	Nairobi	
cd_county_coded	cd_county_coded	9	Machakos	
cluster_coded	cluster_coded	1	Coast	
cluster_coded	cluster_coded	2	Lake	
cluster_coded	cluster_coded	3	Nairobi	
facility_category	facility_category	1	Clinic	
facility_category	facility_category	2	Dice	
facility_category	facility_category	3	Dispensary	
facility_category	facility_category	4	Health centre	
facility_category	facility_category	5	Hospital	
cdmanagingauthority	cdmanagingauthority	1	CSO	
cdmanagingauthority	cdmanagingauthority	2	GOK	
cdmanagingauthority	cdmanagingauthority	3	Private	
cdq3maritalstatus	cdq3maritalstatus	1	Living together	2
cdq3maritalstatus	cdq3maritalstatus	2	Married/ In union	1	
cdq3maritalstatus	cdq3maritalstatus	3	Never married/ Single	4	
cdq3maritalstatus	cdq3maritalstatus	4	Widowed/ Separated/ Divorced	3	
educationlevelcat	educationlevelcat	1	No grade completed/ None	1
educationlevelcat	educationlevelcat	2	Primary incomplete	2	
educationlevelcat	educationlevelcat	3	Primary complete	3	
educationlevelcat	educationlevelcat	4	Secondary incomplete	4	
educationlevelcat	educationlevelcat	5	Secondary complete	5	
educationlevelcat	educationlevelcat	6	College /higher/ tertiary incomplete	6	
educationlevelcat	educationlevelcat	7	College/higher/tertiary complete	7	
cdq5areligion	cdq5areligion	1	Muslim	3	
cdq5areligion	cdq5areligion	2	No religion	5	
cdq5areligion	cdq5areligion	3	Other	4
cdq5areligion	cdq5areligion	4	Protestant/ Other christian	2	
cdq5areligion	cdq5areligion	5	Roman Catholic	1	
cdq6areadnewspaper	cdq6areadnewspaper	1	No	
cdq6areadnewspaper	cdq6areadnewspaper	2	Yes	
cdq6bwatchtv	cdq6bwatchtv	1	No	
cdq6bwatchtv	cdq6bwatchtv	2	Yes	
cdq6clistentoradio	cdq6clistentoradio	1	No	
cdq6clistentoradio	cdq6clistentoradio	2	Yes	
cdq6dallthreemedia	cdq6dallthreemedia	1	No	
cdq6dallthreemedia	cdq6dallthreemedia	2	Yes	
cdq6enomedia	cdq6enomedia	1	No	
cdq6enomedia	cdq6enomedia	2	Yes	
cdq7currentlyemployed	cdq7currentlyemployed	1	No	
cdq7currentlyemployed	cdq7currentlyemployed	2	Yes	
cdq8employedinlast12months	cdq8employedinlast12months	1	No	
cdq8employedinlast12months	cdq8employedinlast12months	2	Yes	
cd_occupationr	cd_occupationr	1	Commercial sex worker	
cd_occupationr	cd_occupationr	2	Clerical	
cd_occupationr	cd_occupationr	3	Domestic service	
cd_occupationr	cd_occupationr	4	Professional/technical/managerial	
cd_occupationr	cd_occupationr	5	Sales and services	
cd_occupationr	cd_occupationr	6	Skilled manual	
cd_occupationr	cd_occupationr	7	Unskilled manual	
cd_occupationr	cd_occupationr	8	Other	
cdq9coccupationother2	cdq9coccupationother2	1	CSW	
cdq9coccupationother2	cdq9coccupationother2	2	Domestic service	
cdq9coccupationother2	cdq9coccupationother2	3	Driver	
cdq9coccupationother2	cdq9coccupationother2	4	Peer educator	
cdq9coccupationother2	cdq9coccupationother2	5	Security	
cdq9coccupationother2	cdq9coccupationother2	6	Unskilled manual	
cdq9coccupationother2	cdq9coccupationother2	7	Unskilled manual	
cdq9coccupationother2	cdq9coccupationother2	8	Peer educator	
cdq9coccupationother2	cdq9coccupationother2	9	Peer educator	
cdq9coccupationother2	cdq9coccupationother2	10	Sales and services	
cdq10ifmarrpartneremployed	cdq10ifmarrpartneremployed	1	Yes	
cdq10ifmarrpartneremployed	cdq10ifmarrpartneremployed	2	No	
cdq11partneremplinlast12	cdq11partneremplinlast12	1	No	
cdq11partneremplinlast12	cdq11partneremplinlast12	2	Yes	
cdq12apartnersoccupation	cdq12apartnersoccupation	1	Professional/technical/managerial	
cdq12apartnersoccupation	cdq12apartnersoccupation	2	Skilled manual	
cdq12apartnersoccupation	cdq12apartnersoccupation	3	Clerical	
cdq12apartnersoccupation	cdq12apartnersoccupation	4	Domestic service	
cdq12apartnersoccupation	cdq12apartnersoccupation	5	Others(specify)	
cdq12apartnersoccupation	cdq12apartnersoccupation	6	Professional/technical/managerial	
cdq12apartnersoccupation	cdq12apartnersoccupation	7	Sales and services	
cdq12apartnersoccupation	cdq12apartnersoccupation	8	Skilled manual	
cdq12apartnersoccupation	cdq12apartnersoccupation	9	Unskilled manual	
cdq12bpartnersotheroccupation1	cdq12bpartnersotheroccupation1	1	Boda boda	
cdq12bpartnersotheroccupation1	cdq12bpartnersotheroccupation1	2	Mason	
cdq12bpartnersotheroccupation1	cdq12bpartnersotheroccupation1	3	Peer educator	
cdq12bpartnersotheroccupation1	cdq12bpartnersotheroccupation1	4	Shop attendant	
cdq12bpartnersotheroccupation1	cdq12bpartnersotheroccupation1	5	Mechanic	
cdq13typeofearnings	cdq13typeofearnings	1	Cash only	
cdq13typeofearnings	cdq13typeofearnings	2	Cash and in kind	
cdq13typeofearnings	cdq13typeofearnings	3	Cash only	
cdq13typeofearnings	cdq13typeofearnings	4	In-kind only	
cdq13typeofearnings	cdq13typeofearnings	5	Not paid	
cdq16typeofemployer	cdq16typeofemployer	1	Employed by family member	
cdq16typeofemployer	cdq16typeofemployer	2	Employed by non-family member	
cdq16typeofemployer	cdq16typeofemployer	3	Self-employed	
cdq17employmentfrequency	cdq17employmentfrequency	1	Occasional	3	
cdq17employmentfrequency	cdq17employmentfrequency	2	Seasonal	2	
cdq17employmentfrequency	cdq17employmentfrequency	3	All year	1	
cdq18havehealthinsurancecover	cdq18havehealthinsurancecover	1	No	
cdq18havehealthinsurancecover	cdq18havehealthinsurancecover	2	Yes	
cdq19typeofinsurance	cdq19typeofinsurance	1	Employer based health insurance	3	
cdq19typeofinsurance	cdq19typeofinsurance	2	NHIF	1	
cdq19typeofinsurance	cdq19typeofinsurance	3	Privately purchased health insurance	2	
cdq20typeofdwelling	cdq20typeofdwelling	1	Permanent building	
cdq20typeofdwelling	cdq20typeofdwelling	2	Semi permanent
cdq20typeofdwelling	cdq20typeofdwelling	3	Temporary	
cdq21awhoownsthehouse	cdq21awhoownsthehouse	1	Occupied without payment	3	
cdq21awhoownsthehouse	cdq21awhoownsthehouse	2	Owned by family member	2	
cdq21awhoownsthehouse	cdq21awhoownsthehouse	3	Rented	1	
cdq22ownedbyfamilyspewho	cdq22ownedbyfamilyspewho	1	Self	
cdq22ownedbyfamilyspewho	cdq22ownedbyfamilyspewho	2	Husband	
cdq22ownedbyfamilyspewho	cdq22ownedbyfamilyspewho	3	Parents	
cdq22ownedbyfamilyspewho	cdq22ownedbyfamilyspewho	4	Friend/neighbors/relatives	
cdq22ownedbyfamilyspewho	cdq22ownedbyfamilyspewho	5	Husband	
cdq22ownedbyfamilyspewho	cdq22ownedbyfamilyspewho	6	In-laws	
cdq22ownedbyfamilyspewho	cdq22ownedbyfamilyspewho	7	Joint (husband and self)	
cdq22ownedbyfamilyspewho	cdq22ownedbyfamilyspewho	8	Parents	
cdq22ownedbyfamilyspewho	cdq22ownedbyfamilyspewho	9	Self	
cdq23ahowmanybedrooms	cdq23ahowmanybedrooms	1	5	
cdq23ahowmanybedrooms	cdq23ahowmanybedrooms	2	6	
cdq23ahowmanybedrooms	cdq23ahowmanybedrooms	3	7	
cdq23ahowmanybedrooms	cdq23ahowmanybedrooms	4	8	
cdq23ahowmanybedrooms	cdq23ahowmanybedrooms	5	4	
cdq23ahowmanybedrooms	cdq23ahowmanybedrooms	6	4
cdq23ahowmanybedrooms	cdq23ahowmanybedrooms	7	1	
cdq23ahowmanybedrooms	cdq23ahowmanybedrooms	8	1	
cdq23ahowmanybedrooms	cdq23ahowmanybedrooms	9	3	
cdq23ahowmanybedrooms	cdq23ahowmanybedrooms	10	2
cdq25atypeoftoiletfacility	cdq25atypeoftoiletfacility	1	Flush toilet	1	
cdq25atypeoftoiletfacility	cdq25atypeoftoiletfacility	2	No facility/bush/field	4	
cdq25atypeoftoiletfacility	cdq25atypeoftoiletfacility	3	Other	5
cdq25atypeoftoiletfacility	cdq25atypeoftoiletfacility	4	Traditional pit latrine	3
cdq25atypeoftoiletfacility	cdq25atypeoftoiletfacility	5	Ventilated improved pit latrine	2	
cdq25bothertype1	cdq25bothertype1	1	Flush toilet	
cdq25bothertype1	cdq25bothertype1	2	Portable	
cdq25bothertype1	cdq25bothertype1	3	Public toilet	
cdq25bothertype1	cdq25bothertype1	4	Traditional pit latrine	
cdq25bothertype1	cdq25bothertype1	5	Ventilated improved pit latrine	
cdq26aelectricity	cdq26aelectricity	1	No	
cdq26aelectricity	cdq26aelectricity	2	Yes	
cdq26bradio	cdq26bradio	1	No	
cdq26bradio	cdq26bradio	2	Yes	
cdq26ctvset	cdq26ctvset	1	No	
cdq26ctvset	cdq26ctvset	2	Yes	
cdq26dvcrdvd	cdq26dvcrdvd	1	No	
cdq26dvcrdvd	cdq26dvcrdvd	2	Yes	
cdq26etelephone	cdq26etelephone	1	No	
cdq26etelephone	cdq26etelephone	2	Yes	
cdq26fcarpicktruck	cdq26fcarpicktruck	1	No	
cdq26fcarpicktruck	cdq26fcarpicktruck	2	Yes	
cdq26gfloorcementedtiledcarpert	cdq26gfloorcementedtiledcarpert	1	No	
cdq26gfloorcementedtiledcarpert	cdq26gfloorcementedtiledcarpert	2	Yes	
cdq27atappedwater	cdq27atappedwater	1	No	
cdq27atappedwater	cdq27atappedwater	2	Yes	
cdq27bprotctdshalowwellorboreho	cdq27bprotctdshalowwellorboreho	1	No	
cdq27bprotctdshalowwellorboreho	cdq27bprotctdshalowwellorboreho	2	Yes	
cdq27cprotectedspring	cdq27cprotectedspring	1	No	
cdq27cprotectedspring	cdq27cprotectedspring	2	Yes	
cdq27drainwater	cdq27drainwater	1	No	
cdq27drainwater	cdq27drainwater	2	Yes	
cdq27eunprotectedwellspring	cdq27eunprotectedwellspring	1	No	
cdq27eunprotectedwellspring	cdq27eunprotectedwellspring	2	Yes	
cdq27fsurfacewater	cdq27fsurfacewater	1	No	
cdq27fsurfacewater	cdq27fsurfacewater	2	Yes	
cdq27gotherssources1	cdq27gotherssources1	1	Dam water	
cdq27gotherssources1	cdq27gotherssources1	2	Private water point	
cdq27gotherssources1	cdq27gotherssources1	3	Public water point	
cdq27gotherssources1	cdq27gotherssources1	4	Purchase from neighbors tap	
cdq27gotherssources1	cdq27gotherssources1	5	Water vendors	
cdq27hothersources2	cdq27hothersources2	1	Water vendors	
cdq28ainterviewee	cdq28ainterviewee	1	Interviewee	
cdq28ainterviewee	cdq28ainterviewee	2	Others(specify)	
cdq28bspouceorpartner	cdq28bspouceorpartner	1	Spouse/partner	
cdq28cchildren	cdq28cchildren	1	Children	
cdq28eotherspecify2	cdq28eotherspecify2	1	-	
cdq28eotherspecify2	cdq28eotherspecify2	2	Friend	
cdq28eotherspecify2	cdq28eotherspecify2	3	In-law	
cdq28eotherspecify2	cdq28eotherspecify2	4	Spouse	
cdq28eotherspecify2	cdq28eotherspecify2	5	Siblings	
cdq28eotherspecify2	cdq28eotherspecify2	6	Siblings	
cdq32initialvisitreason1	cdq32initialvisitreason1	1	Do not have to pay	
cdq32initialvisitreason1	cdq32initialvisitreason1	2	Good staff attitude	
cdq32initialvisitreason1	cdq32initialvisitreason1	3	More privacy	
cdq32initialvisitreason1	cdq32initialvisitreason1	4	Staff give good advice	
cdq32initialvisitreason1	cdq32initialvisitreason1	5	Close to home	
cdq32initialvisitreason1	cdq32initialvisitreason1	6	Knew someone in the facility	
cdq32initialvisitreason1	cdq32initialvisitreason1	7	Less costly	
cdq32initialvisitreason1	cdq32initialvisitreason1	8	Less waiting time	
cdq32initialvisitreason1	cdq32initialvisitreason1	9	Others (specify)	
cdq32initialvisitreason1	cdq32initialvisitreason1	10	 services available	
cdq32initialvisitreason1	cdq32initialvisitreason1	11	Staff are qualified	
cdq32initialvisitreason1	cdq32initialvisitreason1	12	Staff are required	
cdq32initialvisitreason1	cdq32initialvisitreason1	13	Was referred	
cdq32initialvisitreason2	cdq32initialvisitreason2	1	Do not have to pay	
cdq32initialvisitreason2	cdq32initialvisitreason2	2	Good staff attitude	
cdq32initialvisitreason2	cdq32initialvisitreason2	3	More privacy	
cdq32initialvisitreason2	cdq32initialvisitreason2	4	Staff give good advice	
cdq32initialvisitreason2	cdq32initialvisitreason2	5	Cleaner facility/site	
cdq32initialvisitreason2	cdq32initialvisitreason2	6	Knew someone in the facility	
cdq32initialvisitreason2	cdq32initialvisitreason2	7	Less costly	
cdq32initialvisitreason2	cdq32initialvisitreason2	8	Less waiting time	
cdq32initialvisitreason2	cdq32initialvisitreason2	9	Others (specify)	
cdq32initialvisitreason2	cdq32initialvisitreason2	10	PrEP services available	
cdq32initialvisitreason2	cdq32initialvisitreason2	11	Staff are qualified	
cdq32initialvisitreason2	cdq32initialvisitreason2	12	Staff are required	
cdq32initialvisitreason2	cdq32initialvisitreason2	13	Was referred	
cdq32initialvisitreason3	cdq32initialvisitreason3	1	Do not have to pay	
cdq32initialvisitreason3	cdq32initialvisitreason3	2	Good staff attitude	
cdq32initialvisitreason3	cdq32initialvisitreason3	3	More privacy	
cdq32initialvisitreason3	cdq32initialvisitreason3	4	Cleaner facility/site	
cdq32initialvisitreason3	cdq32initialvisitreason3	5	Knew someone in the facility	
cdq32initialvisitreason3	cdq32initialvisitreason3	6	Less costly	
cdq32initialvisitreason3	cdq32initialvisitreason3	7	Less waiting time	
cdq32initialvisitreason3	cdq32initialvisitreason3	8	Others (specify)	
cdq32initialvisitreason3	cdq32initialvisitreason3	9	PrEP services available	
cdq32initialvisitreason3	cdq32initialvisitreason3	10	Staff are qualified	
cdq32initialvisitreason3	cdq32initialvisitreason3	11	Staff are required	
cdq32initialvisitreason3	cdq32initialvisitreason3	12	Was referred	
cdq32reviewvisit1reason1	cdq32reviewvisit1reason1	1	Do not have to pay	
cdq32reviewvisit1reason1	cdq32reviewvisit1reason1	2	Good staff attitude	
cdq32reviewvisit1reason1	cdq32reviewvisit1reason1	3	More privacy	
cdq32reviewvisit1reason1	cdq32reviewvisit1reason1	4	Staff give good advice	
cdq32reviewvisit1reason1	cdq32reviewvisit1reason1	5	Cleaner facility/site	
cdq32reviewvisit1reason1	cdq32reviewvisit1reason1	6	Close to home	
cdq32reviewvisit1reason1	cdq32reviewvisit1reason1	7	Knew someone in the facility	
cdq32reviewvisit1reason1	cdq32reviewvisit1reason1	8	Less costly	
cdq32reviewvisit1reason1	cdq32reviewvisit1reason1	9	Less waiting time	
cdq32reviewvisit1reason1	cdq32reviewvisit1reason1	10	Others (specify)	
cdq32reviewvisit1reason1	cdq32reviewvisit1reason1	11	PrEP services available	
cdq32reviewvisit1reason1	cdq32reviewvisit1reason1	12	Staff are qualified	
cdq32reviewvisit1reason1	cdq32reviewvisit1reason1	13	Staff are required	
cdq32reviewvisit1reason1	cdq32reviewvisit1reason1	14	Was referred	
cdq32reviewvisit1reason2	cdq32reviewvisit1reason2	1	Do not have to pay	
cdq32reviewvisit1reason2	cdq32reviewvisit1reason2	2	Good staff attitude	
cdq32reviewvisit1reason2	cdq32reviewvisit1reason2	3	More privacy	
cdq32reviewvisit1reason2	cdq32reviewvisit1reason2	4	Staff give good advice	
cdq32reviewvisit1reason2	cdq32reviewvisit1reason2	5	Cleaner facility/site	
cdq32reviewvisit1reason2	cdq32reviewvisit1reason2	6	Knew someone in the facility	
cdq32reviewvisit1reason2	cdq32reviewvisit1reason2	7	Less costly	
cdq32reviewvisit1reason2	cdq32reviewvisit1reason2	8	Less waiting time	
cdq32reviewvisit1reason2	cdq32reviewvisit1reason2	9	Others (specify)	
cdq32reviewvisit1reason2	cdq32reviewvisit1reason2	10	PrEP services available	
cdq32reviewvisit1reason2	cdq32reviewvisit1reason2	11	Staff are qualified	
cdq32reviewvisit1reason2	cdq32reviewvisit1reason2	12	Staff are required	
cdq32reviewvisit1reason2	cdq32reviewvisit1reason2	13	Was referred	
cdq32reviewvisit1reason3	cdq32reviewvisit1reason3	1	Do not have to pay	
cdq32reviewvisit1reason3	cdq32reviewvisit1reason3	2	Good staff attitude	
cdq32reviewvisit1reason3	cdq32reviewvisit1reason3	3	More privacy	
cdq32reviewvisit1reason3	cdq32reviewvisit1reason3	4	Cleaner facility/site	
cdq32reviewvisit1reason3	cdq32reviewvisit1reason3	5	Knew someone in the facility	
cdq32reviewvisit1reason3	cdq32reviewvisit1reason3	6	Less costly	
cdq32reviewvisit1reason3	cdq32reviewvisit1reason3	7	Less waiting time	
cdq32reviewvisit1reason3	cdq32reviewvisit1reason3	8	Others (specify)	
cdq32reviewvisit1reason3	cdq32reviewvisit1reason3	9	PrEP services available	
cdq32reviewvisit1reason3	cdq32reviewvisit1reason3	10	Staff are qualified	
cdq32reviewvisit1reason3	cdq32reviewvisit1reason3	11	Staff are required	
cdq32reviewvisit1reason3	cdq32reviewvisit1reason3	12	Was referred	
cdq32reviewvisit2reason1	cdq32reviewvisit2reason1	1	Good staff attitude	
cdq32reviewvisit2reason1	cdq32reviewvisit2reason1	2	More privacy	
cdq32reviewvisit2reason1	cdq32reviewvisit2reason1	3	Staff give good advice	
cdq32reviewvisit2reason1	cdq32reviewvisit2reason1	4	Cleaner facility/site	
cdq32reviewvisit2reason1	cdq32reviewvisit2reason1	5	Close to home	
cdq32reviewvisit2reason1	cdq32reviewvisit2reason1	6	Knew someone in the facility	
cdq32reviewvisit2reason1	cdq32reviewvisit2reason1	7	Less waiting time	
cdq32reviewvisit2reason1	cdq32reviewvisit2reason1	8	Others (specify)	
cdq32reviewvisit2reason1	cdq32reviewvisit2reason1	9	PrEP services available	
cdq32reviewvisit2reason1	cdq32reviewvisit2reason1	10	Staff are qualified	
cdq32reviewvisit2reason1	cdq32reviewvisit2reason1	11	Staff are required	
cdq32reviewvisit2reason1	cdq32reviewvisit2reason1	12	Was referred	
cdq32reviewvisit2reason2	cdq32reviewvisit2reason2	1	Do not have to pay	
cdq32reviewvisit2reason2	cdq32reviewvisit2reason2	2	Good staff attitude	
cdq32reviewvisit2reason2	cdq32reviewvisit2reason2	3	More privacy	
cdq32reviewvisit2reason2	cdq32reviewvisit2reason2	4	Staff give good advice	
cdq32reviewvisit2reason2	cdq32reviewvisit2reason2	5	Knew someone in the facility	
cdq32reviewvisit2reason2	cdq32reviewvisit2reason2	6	Less costly	
cdq32reviewvisit2reason2	cdq32reviewvisit2reason2	7	Less waiting time	
cdq32reviewvisit2reason2	cdq32reviewvisit2reason2	8	Others (specify)	
cdq32reviewvisit2reason2	cdq32reviewvisit2reason2	9	PrEP services available	
cdq32reviewvisit2reason2	cdq32reviewvisit2reason2	10	Staff are qualified	
cdq32reviewvisit2reason2	cdq32reviewvisit2reason2	11	Staff are required	
cdq32reviewvisit2reason2	cdq32reviewvisit2reason2	12	Was referred	
cdq32reviewvisit2reason3	cdq32reviewvisit2reason3	1	Do not have to pay	
cdq32reviewvisit2reason3	cdq32reviewvisit2reason3	2	Good staff attitude	
cdq32reviewvisit2reason3	cdq32reviewvisit2reason3	3	More privacy	
cdq32reviewvisit2reason3	cdq32reviewvisit2reason3	4	Cleaner facility/site	
cdq32reviewvisit2reason3	cdq32reviewvisit2reason3	5	Knew someone in the facility	
cdq32reviewvisit2reason3	cdq32reviewvisit2reason3	6	Less costly	
cdq32reviewvisit2reason3	cdq32reviewvisit2reason3	7	Less waiting time	
cdq32reviewvisit2reason3	cdq32reviewvisit2reason3	8	Others (specify)	
cdq32reviewvisit2reason3	cdq32reviewvisit2reason3	9	PrEP services available	
cdq32reviewvisit2reason3	cdq32reviewvisit2reason3	10	Staff are qualified	
cdq32reviewvisit2reason3	cdq32reviewvisit2reason3	11	Was referred	
cdq32reviewvisit3reason1	cdq32reviewvisit3reason1	1	Good staff attitude	
cdq32reviewvisit3reason1	cdq32reviewvisit3reason1	2	More privacy	
cdq32reviewvisit3reason1	cdq32reviewvisit3reason1	3	Staff give good advice	
cdq32reviewvisit3reason1	cdq32reviewvisit3reason1	4	Cleaner facility/site	
cdq32reviewvisit3reason1	cdq32reviewvisit3reason1	5	Close to home	
cdq32reviewvisit3reason1	cdq32reviewvisit3reason1	6	Knew someone in the facility	
cdq32reviewvisit3reason1	cdq32reviewvisit3reason1	7	Less waiting time	
cdq32reviewvisit3reason1	cdq32reviewvisit3reason1	8	PrEP services available	
cdq32reviewvisit3reason1	cdq32reviewvisit3reason1	9	Staff are qualified	
cdq32reviewvisit3reason1	cdq32reviewvisit3reason1	10	Was referred	
cdq32reviewvisit3reason2	cdq32reviewvisit3reason2	1	Do not have to pay	
cdq32reviewvisit3reason2	cdq32reviewvisit3reason2	2	Good staff attitude	
cdq32reviewvisit3reason2	cdq32reviewvisit3reason2	3	More privacy	
cdq32reviewvisit3reason2	cdq32reviewvisit3reason2	4	Staff give good advice	
cdq32reviewvisit3reason2	cdq32reviewvisit3reason2	5	Knew someone in the facility	
cdq32reviewvisit3reason2	cdq32reviewvisit3reason2	6	Less costly	
cdq32reviewvisit3reason2	cdq32reviewvisit3reason2	7	Less waiting time	
cdq32reviewvisit3reason2	cdq32reviewvisit3reason2	8	Others (specify)	
cdq32reviewvisit3reason2	cdq32reviewvisit3reason2	9	PrEP services available	
cdq32reviewvisit3reason2	cdq32reviewvisit3reason2	10	Staff are qualified	
cdq32reviewvisit3reason2	cdq32reviewvisit3reason2	11	Was referred	
cdq32reviewvisit3reason3	cdq32reviewvisit3reason3	1	Do not have to pay	
cdq32reviewvisit3reason3	cdq32reviewvisit3reason3	2	Good staff attitude	
cdq32reviewvisit3reason3	cdq32reviewvisit3reason3	3	More privacy	
cdq32reviewvisit3reason3	cdq32reviewvisit3reason3	4	Cleaner facility/site	
cdq32reviewvisit3reason3	cdq32reviewvisit3reason3	5	Knew someone in the facility	
cdq32reviewvisit3reason3	cdq32reviewvisit3reason3	6	Less costly	
cdq32reviewvisit3reason3	cdq32reviewvisit3reason3	7	Less waiting time	
cdq32reviewvisit3reason3	cdq32reviewvisit3reason3	8	Others (specify)	
cdq32reviewvisit3reason3	cdq32reviewvisit3reason3	9	PrEP services available	
cdq32reviewvisit3reason3	cdq32reviewvisit3reason3	10	Staff are qualified	
cdq32reviewvisit3reason3	cdq32reviewvisit3reason3	11	Was referred	
cdq32reviewvisit4reason1	cdq32reviewvisit4reason1	1	Good staff attitude	
cdq32reviewvisit4reason1	cdq32reviewvisit4reason1	2	Staff give good advice	
cdq32reviewvisit4reason1	cdq32reviewvisit4reason1	3	Cleaner facility/site	
cdq32reviewvisit4reason1	cdq32reviewvisit4reason1	4	Close to home	
cdq32reviewvisit4reason1	cdq32reviewvisit4reason1	5	Knew someone in the facility	
cdq32reviewvisit4reason1	cdq32reviewvisit4reason1	6	Less waiting time	
cdq32reviewvisit4reason1	cdq32reviewvisit4reason1	7	PrEP services available	
cdq32reviewvisit4reason1	cdq32reviewvisit4reason1	8	Was referred	
cdq32reviewvisit4reason2	cdq32reviewvisit4reason2	1	Do not have to pay	
cdq32reviewvisit4reason2	cdq32reviewvisit4reason2	2	Good staff attitude	
cdq32reviewvisit4reason2	cdq32reviewvisit4reason2	3	More privacy	
cdq32reviewvisit4reason2	cdq32reviewvisit4reason2	4	Staff give good advice	
cdq32reviewvisit4reason2	cdq32reviewvisit4reason2	5	Knew someone in the facility	
cdq32reviewvisit4reason2	cdq32reviewvisit4reason2	6	Less costly	
cdq32reviewvisit4reason2	cdq32reviewvisit4reason2	7	Less waiting time	
cdq32reviewvisit4reason2	cdq32reviewvisit4reason2	8	Others (specify)	
cdq32reviewvisit4reason2	cdq32reviewvisit4reason2	9	PrEP services available	
cdq32reviewvisit4reason2	cdq32reviewvisit4reason2	10	Staff are qualified	
cdq32reviewvisit4reason2	cdq32reviewvisit4reason2	11	Was referred	
cdq32reviewvisit4reason3	cdq32reviewvisit4reason3	1	Do not have to pay	
cdq32reviewvisit4reason3	cdq32reviewvisit4reason3	2	Good staff attitude	
cdq32reviewvisit4reason3	cdq32reviewvisit4reason3	3	More privacy	
cdq32reviewvisit4reason3	cdq32reviewvisit4reason3	4	Cleaner facility/site	
cdq32reviewvisit4reason3	cdq32reviewvisit4reason3	5	Less costly	
cdq32reviewvisit4reason3	cdq32reviewvisit4reason3	6	Less waiting time	
cdq32reviewvisit4reason3	cdq32reviewvisit4reason3	7	Others (specify)	
cdq32reviewvisit4reason3	cdq32reviewvisit4reason3	8	PrEP services available	
cdq32reviewvisit4reason3	cdq32reviewvisit4reason3	9	Staff are qualified	
cdq32reviewvisit4reason3	cdq32reviewvisit4reason3	10	Was referred	
cdq32reviewvisit5reason1	cdq32reviewvisit5reason1	1	Good staff attitude	
cdq32reviewvisit5reason1	cdq32reviewvisit5reason1	2	Staff give good advice	
cdq32reviewvisit5reason1	cdq32reviewvisit5reason1	3	Close to home	
cdq32reviewvisit5reason1	cdq32reviewvisit5reason1	4	Knew someone in the facility	
cdq32reviewvisit5reason1	cdq32reviewvisit5reason1	5	Less waiting time	
cdq32reviewvisit5reason2	cdq32reviewvisit5reason2	1	Do not have to pay	
cdq32reviewvisit5reason2	cdq32reviewvisit5reason2	2	Good staff attitude	
cdq32reviewvisit5reason2	cdq32reviewvisit5reason2	3	Staff give good advice	
cdq32reviewvisit5reason2	cdq32reviewvisit5reason2	4	Less costly	
cdq32reviewvisit5reason2	cdq32reviewvisit5reason2	5	Less waiting time	
cdq32reviewvisit5reason2	cdq32reviewvisit5reason2	6	PrEP services available	
cdq32reviewvisit5reason3	cdq32reviewvisit5reason3	1	Do not have to pay	
cdq32reviewvisit5reason3	cdq32reviewvisit5reason3	2	More privacy	
cdq32reviewvisit5reason3	cdq32reviewvisit5reason3	3	Cleaner facility/site	
cdq32reviewvisit5reason3	cdq32reviewvisit5reason3	4	Less costly	
cdq32reviewvisit5reason3	cdq32reviewvisit5reason3	5	Others (specify)	
cdq32reviewvisit5reason3	cdq32reviewvisit5reason3	6	PrEP services available	
cdq32reviewvisit5reason3	cdq32reviewvisit5reason3	7	Was referred	
cdq32reviewvisit5other	cdq32reviewvisit5other	1	Mvita can easily accessed	
cdq32reviewvisit6reason1	cdq32reviewvisit6reason1	1	Good staff attitude	
cdq32reviewvisit6reason1	cdq32reviewvisit6reason1	2	Staff give good advice	
cdq32reviewvisit6reason1	cdq32reviewvisit6reason1	3	Close to home	
cdq32reviewvisit6reason1	cdq32reviewvisit6reason1	4	Knew someone in the facility	
cdq32reviewvisit6reason2	cdq32reviewvisit6reason2	1	Do not have to pay	
cdq32reviewvisit6reason2	cdq32reviewvisit6reason2	2	Good staff attitude	
cdq32reviewvisit6reason2	cdq32reviewvisit6reason2	3	Staff give good advice	
cdq32reviewvisit6reason2	cdq32reviewvisit6reason2	4	Less waiting time	
cdq32reviewvisit6reason2	cdq32reviewvisit6reason2	5	PrEP services available	
cdq32reviewvisit6reason3	cdq32reviewvisit6reason3	1	Do not have to pay	
cdq32reviewvisit6reason3	cdq32reviewvisit6reason3	2	More privacy	
cdq32reviewvisit6reason3	cdq32reviewvisit6reason3	3	Cleaner facility/site	
cdq32reviewvisit6reason3	cdq32reviewvisit6reason3	4	Others (specify)	
cdq32reviewvisit6reason3	cdq32reviewvisit6reason3	5	PrEP services available	
cdq32reviewvisit7reason1	cdq32reviewvisit7reason1	1	Staff give good advice	
cdq32reviewvisit7reason1	cdq32reviewvisit7reason1	2	Close to home	
cdq32reviewvisit7reason2	cdq32reviewvisit7reason2	1	Good staff attitude	
cdq32reviewvisit7reason2	cdq32reviewvisit7reason2	2	Staff give good advice	
cdq32reviewvisit7reason3	cdq32reviewvisit7reason3	1	Others (specify)	
cdq32reviewvisit7reason3	cdq32reviewvisit7reason3	2	PrEP services available	
cdq33initialvisitservice1	cdq33initialvisitservice1	1	Consultation	
cdq33initialvisitservice2	cdq33initialvisitservice2	1	Consultation	
cdq33initialvisitservice2	cdq33initialvisitservice2	2	HTC	
cdq33initialvisitservice2	cdq33initialvisitservice2	3	PrEP drugs	
cdq33initialvisitservice3	cdq33initialvisitservice3	1	PrEP drugs	
cdq33initialvisitservice3	cdq33initialvisitservice3	2	Urinalysis test	
cdq33initialvisitservice4	cdq33initialvisitservice4	1	Consultation	
cdq33initialvisitservice4	cdq33initialvisitservice4	2	Hepatitis B test	
cdq33initialvisitservice4	cdq33initialvisitservice4	3	Liver function test	
cdq33initialvisitservice4	cdq33initialvisitservice4	4	Pregnancy test	
cdq33initialvisitservice4	cdq33initialvisitservice4	5	SCCC test	
cdq33initialvisitservice4	cdq33initialvisitservice4	6	Urinalysis test	
cdq33initialvisitservice5	cdq33initialvisitservice5	1	HTC	
cdq33initialvisitservice5	cdq33initialvisitservice5	2	Hepatitis B test	
cdq33initialvisitservice5	cdq33initialvisitservice5	3	Pregnancy test	
cdq33initialvisitservice5	cdq33initialvisitservice5	4	SCCC test	
cdq33initialvisitservice5	cdq33initialvisitservice5	5	Urinalysis test	
cdq33reviewvisit1service1	cdq33reviewvisit1service1	1	Consultation	
cdq33reviewvisit1service1	cdq33reviewvisit1service1	2	PrEP drugs	
cdq33reviewvisit1service1	cdq33reviewvisit1service1	3	Pregnancy test	
cdq33reviewvisit1service2	cdq33reviewvisit1service2	1	Consultation	
cdq33reviewvisit1service2	cdq33reviewvisit1service2	2	HTC	
cdq33reviewvisit1service2	cdq33reviewvisit1service2	3	PrEP drugs	
cdq33reviewvisit1service3	cdq33reviewvisit1service3	1	HTC	
cdq33reviewvisit1service3	cdq33reviewvisit1service3	2	PrEP drugs	
cdq33reviewvisit1service3	cdq33reviewvisit1service3	3	SCCC test	
cdq33reviewvisit1service4	cdq33reviewvisit1service4	1	Hepatitis B test	
cdq33reviewvisit1service4	cdq33reviewvisit1service4	2	Liver function test	
cdq33reviewvisit1service4	cdq33reviewvisit1service4	3	SCCC test	
cdq33reviewvisit1service4	cdq33reviewvisit1service4	4	Urinalysis test	
cdq33reviewvisit1service5	cdq33reviewvisit1service5	1	Pregnancy test	
cdq33reviewvisit2service1	cdq33reviewvisit2service1	1	Consultation	
cdq33reviewvisit2service1	cdq33reviewvisit2service1	2	PrEP drugs	
cdq33reviewvisit2service2	cdq33reviewvisit2service2	1	HTC	
cdq33reviewvisit2service2	cdq33reviewvisit2service2	2	PrEP drugs	
cdq33reviewvisit2service2	cdq33reviewvisit2service2	3	SCCC test	
cdq33reviewvisit2service3	cdq33reviewvisit2service3	1	PrEP drugs	
cdq33reviewvisit2service3	cdq33reviewvisit2service3	2	SCCC test	
cdq33reviewvisit2service4	cdq33reviewvisit2service4	1	SCCC test	
cdq33reviewvisit3service1	cdq33reviewvisit3service1	1	Consultation	
cdq33reviewvisit3service2	cdq33reviewvisit3service2	1	HTC	
cdq33reviewvisit3service2	cdq33reviewvisit3service2	2	PrEP drugs	
cdq33reviewvisit3service3	cdq33reviewvisit3service3	1	Consultation	
cdq33reviewvisit3service3	cdq33reviewvisit3service3	2	Liver function test	
cdq33reviewvisit3service3	cdq33reviewvisit3service3	3	PrEP drugs	
cdq33reviewvisit3service4	cdq33reviewvisit3service4	1	SCCC test	
cdq33reviewvisit4service1	cdq33reviewvisit4service1	1	Consultation	
cdq33reviewvisit4service2	cdq33reviewvisit4service2	1	HTC	
cdq33reviewvisit4service2	cdq33reviewvisit4service2	2	PrEP drugs	
cdq33reviewvisit4service3	cdq33reviewvisit4service3	1	PrEP drugs	
cdq33reviewvisit4service4	cdq33reviewvisit4service4	1	SCCC test	
cdq33reviewvisit5service1	cdq33reviewvisit5service1	1	Consultation	
cdq33reviewvisit5service2	cdq33reviewvisit5service2	1	HTC	
cdq33reviewvisit5service2	cdq33reviewvisit5service2	2	PrEP drugs	
cdq33reviewvisit5service3	cdq33reviewvisit5service3	1	PrEP drugs	
cdq33reviewvisit5service4	cdq33reviewvisit5service4	1	SCCC test	
cdq33reviewvisit6service1	cdq33reviewvisit6service1	1	Consultation	
cdq33reviewvisit6service2	cdq33reviewvisit6service2	1	HTC	
cdq33reviewvisit6service3	cdq33reviewvisit6service3	1	PrEP drugs	
cdq33reviewvisit7service1	cdq33reviewvisit7service1	1	Consultation	
cdq33reviewvisit7service2	cdq33reviewvisit7service2	1	HTC	
cdq33reviewvisit7service3	cdq33reviewvisit7service3	1	PrEP drugs	
cdq34initialvisit	cdq34initialvisit	1	Yes(some of the PrEP services)	
cdq34reviewvisit1	cdq34reviewvisit1	1	Yes(some of the PrEP services)	
cdq34reviewvisit2	cdq34reviewvisit2	1	Yes(some of the PrEP services)	
cdq34reviewvisit3	cdq34reviewvisit3	1	Yes(some of the PrEP services)	
cdq34reviewvisit4	cdq34reviewvisit4	1	Yes(some of the PrEP services)	
cdq34reviewvisit5	cdq34reviewvisit5	1	Yes(some of the PrEP services)	
cdq34reviewvisit6	cdq34reviewvisit6	1	Yes(some of the PrEP services)	
cdq34reviewvisit7	cdq34reviewvisit7	1	Yes(some of the PrEP services)	
cdq35initialvisitreason1	cdq35initialvisitreason1	1	Did not have money to pay for services	
cdq35initialvisitreason1	cdq35initialvisitreason1	2	Services not available	
cdq35initialvisitreason2	cdq35initialvisitreason2	1	Did not have money to pay for services	
cdq35initialvisitreason2	cdq35initialvisitreason2	2	Services not available	
cdq35initialvisitreason3	cdq35initialvisitreason3	1	Services not available	
cdq35initialvisitreason3	cdq35initialvisitreason3	2	Information about side effects was not given	
cdq35reviewvisit1reason1	cdq35reviewvisit1reason1	1	Services not available	
cdq35reviewvisit1reason2	cdq35reviewvisit1reason2	1	Services not available	
cdq35reviewvisit1reason3	cdq35reviewvisit1reason3	1	Services not available	
cdq35reviewvisit2reason1	cdq35reviewvisit2reason1	1	Services not available	
cdq35reviewvisit2reason2	cdq35reviewvisit2reason2	1	Services not available	
cdq35reviewvisit2reason3	cdq35reviewvisit2reason3	1	Services not available	
cdq35reviewvisit3reason1	cdq35reviewvisit3reason1	1	Services not available	
cdq35reviewvisit3reason2	cdq35reviewvisit3reason2	1	Services not available	
cdq35reviewvisit3reason3	cdq35reviewvisit3reason3	1	Services not available	
cdq35reviewvisit4reason1	cdq35reviewvisit4reason1	1	Services not available	
cdq35reviewvisit4reason2	cdq35reviewvisit4reason2	1	Services not available	
cdq35reviewvisit4reason3	cdq35reviewvisit4reason3	1	Services not available	
cdq35reviewvisit5reason1	cdq35reviewvisit5reason1	1	Services not available	
cdq35reviewvisit5reason2	cdq35reviewvisit5reason2	1	Services not available	
cdq35reviewvisit5reason3	cdq35reviewvisit5reason3	1	Services not available	
cdq35reviewvisit6reason1	cdq35reviewvisit6reason1	1	Services not available	
cdq35reviewvisit6reason2	cdq35reviewvisit6reason2	1	Services not available	
cdq35reviewvisit6reason3	cdq35reviewvisit6reason3	1	Services not available	
cdq35reviewvisit7reason1	cdq35reviewvisit7reason1	1	Services not available	
cdq36initialvisitreason1	cdq36initialvisitreason1	1	Drugs not available	
cdq37initialvisit	cdq37initialvisit	1	No	
cdq37initialvisit	cdq37initialvisit	2	Yes	
cdq37reviewvisit1	cdq37reviewvisit1	1	No	
cdq37reviewvisit1	cdq37reviewvisit1	2	Yes	
cdq37reviewvisit2	cdq37reviewvisit2	1	No	
cdq37reviewvisit3	cdq37reviewvisit3	1	No	
cdq37reviewvisit4	cdq37reviewvisit4	1	No	
cdq37reviewvisit5	cdq37reviewvisit5	1	No	
cdq37reviewvisit6	cdq37reviewvisit6	1	No	
cdq37reviewvisit7	cdq37reviewvisit7	1	No	
cdq46initialvisit	cdq46initialvisit	1	No	
cdq46initialvisit	cdq46initialvisit	2	Yes	
cdq46reviewvisit1	cdq46reviewvisit1	1	No	
cdq46reviewvisit1	cdq46reviewvisit1	2	Yes	
cdq46reviewvisit2	cdq46reviewvisit2	1	No	
cdq46reviewvisit2	cdq46reviewvisit2	2	Yes	
cdq46reviewvisit3	cdq46reviewvisit3	1	No	
cdq46reviewvisit3	cdq46reviewvisit3	2	Yes	
cdq46reviewvisit4	cdq46reviewvisit4	1	No	
cdq46reviewvisit4	cdq46reviewvisit4	2	Yes	
cdq46reviewvisit5	cdq46reviewvisit5	1	No	
cdq46reviewvisit6	cdq46reviewvisit6	1	No	
cdq46reviewvisit7	cdq46reviewvisit7	1	No	
cdq49initialvisitmode1	cdq49initialvisitmode1	1	Bicycle	
cdq49initialvisitmode1	cdq49initialvisitmode1	2	Motor cycle	
cdq49initialvisitmode1	cdq49initialvisitmode1	3	Other(specify)	
cdq49initialvisitmode1	cdq49initialvisitmode1	4	Private(own means)	
cdq49initialvisitmode1	cdq49initialvisitmode1	5	Public transport	
cdq49initialvisitmode1	cdq49initialvisitmode1	6	Taxi	
cdq49initialvisitmode1	cdq49initialvisitmode1	7	Walked	
cdq49initialvisitmode2	cdq49initialvisitmode2	1	Bicycle	
cdq49initialvisitmode2	cdq49initialvisitmode2	2	Motor cycle	
cdq49initialvisitmode2	cdq49initialvisitmode2	3	Motor cycle	
cdq49initialvisitmode2	cdq49initialvisitmode2	4	Public transport	
cdq49initialvisitmode2	cdq49initialvisitmode2	5	Tuktuk	
cdq49initialvisitmode2	cdq49initialvisitmode2	6	Tuktuk	
cdq49initialvisitmode2	cdq49initialvisitmode2	7	Walked	
cdq49initialvisitmode3	cdq49initialvisitmode3	1	Motor cycle	
cdq49initialvisitmode3	cdq49initialvisitmode3	2	Other(specify)	
cdq49initialvisitmode3	cdq49initialvisitmode3	3	Public transport	
cdq49initialvisitmode3	cdq49initialvisitmode3	4	Walked	
cdq49initialvisitmode4	cdq49initialvisitmode4	1	Public transport	
cdq49initialvisitmode4	cdq49initialvisitmode4	2	Tuktuk	
cdq49reviewvisit1mode1	cdq49reviewvisit1mode1	1	Bicycle	
cdq49reviewvisit1mode1	cdq49reviewvisit1mode1	2	Motor cycle	
cdq49reviewvisit1mode1	cdq49reviewvisit1mode1	3	Other(specify)	
cdq49reviewvisit1mode1	cdq49reviewvisit1mode1	4	Private(own means)	
cdq49reviewvisit1mode1	cdq49reviewvisit1mode1	5	Public transport	
cdq49reviewvisit1mode1	cdq49reviewvisit1mode1	6	Taxi	
cdq49reviewvisit1mode1	cdq49reviewvisit1mode1	7	Walked	
cdq49reviewvisit1mode2	cdq49reviewvisit1mode2	1	Motor cycle	
cdq49reviewvisit1mode2	cdq49reviewvisit1mode2	2	Motor cycle	
cdq49reviewvisit1mode2	cdq49reviewvisit1mode2	3	Public transport	
cdq49reviewvisit1mode2	cdq49reviewvisit1mode2	4	Tuktuk	
cdq49reviewvisit1mode2	cdq49reviewvisit1mode2	5	Tuktuk	
cdq49reviewvisit1mode2	cdq49reviewvisit1mode2	6	Walked	
cdq49reviewvisit1mode3	cdq49reviewvisit1mode3	1	Other(specify)	
cdq49reviewvisit1mode3	cdq49reviewvisit1mode3	2	Public transport	
cdq49reviewvisit1mode4	cdq49reviewvisit1mode4	1	Public transport	
cdq49reviewvisit1mode4	cdq49reviewvisit1mode4	2	Tuktuk	
cdq49reviewvisit2mode1	cdq49reviewvisit2mode1	1	Bicycle	
cdq49reviewvisit2mode1	cdq49reviewvisit2mode1	2	Motor cycle	
cdq49reviewvisit2mode1	cdq49reviewvisit2mode1	3	Other(specify)	
cdq49reviewvisit2mode1	cdq49reviewvisit2mode1	4	Private(own means)	
cdq49reviewvisit2mode1	cdq49reviewvisit2mode1	5	Public transport	
cdq49reviewvisit2mode1	cdq49reviewvisit2mode1	6	Taxi	
cdq49reviewvisit2mode1	cdq49reviewvisit2mode1	7	Walked	
cdq49reviewvisit2mode2	cdq49reviewvisit2mode2	1	Motor cycle	
cdq49reviewvisit2mode2	cdq49reviewvisit2mode2	2	Motor cycle	
cdq49reviewvisit2mode2	cdq49reviewvisit2mode2	3	Public transport	
cdq49reviewvisit2mode2	cdq49reviewvisit2mode2	4	Tuktuk	
cdq49reviewvisit2mode2	cdq49reviewvisit2mode2	5	Tuktuk	
cdq49reviewvisit2mode2	cdq49reviewvisit2mode2	6	Walked	
cdq49reviewvisit3mode1	cdq49reviewvisit3mode1	1	Bicycle	
cdq49reviewvisit3mode1	cdq49reviewvisit3mode1	2	Motor cycle	
cdq49reviewvisit3mode1	cdq49reviewvisit3mode1	3	Other(specify)	
cdq49reviewvisit3mode1	cdq49reviewvisit3mode1	4	Public transport	
cdq49reviewvisit3mode1	cdq49reviewvisit3mode1	5	Walked	
cdq49reviewvisit3mode2	cdq49reviewvisit3mode2	1	Motor cycle	
cdq49reviewvisit3mode2	cdq49reviewvisit3mode2	2	Motor cycle	
cdq49reviewvisit3mode2	cdq49reviewvisit3mode2	3	Public transport	
cdq49reviewvisit3mode2	cdq49reviewvisit3mode2	4	Tuktuk	
cdq49reviewvisit3mode2	cdq49reviewvisit3mode2	5	Tuktuk	
cdq49reviewvisit3mode2	cdq49reviewvisit3mode2	6	Walked	
cdq49reviewvisit4mode1	cdq49reviewvisit4mode1	1	Bicycle	
cdq49reviewvisit4mode1	cdq49reviewvisit4mode1	2	Motor cycle	
cdq49reviewvisit4mode1	cdq49reviewvisit4mode1	3	Other(specify)	
cdq49reviewvisit4mode1	cdq49reviewvisit4mode1	4	Public transport	
cdq49reviewvisit4mode1	cdq49reviewvisit4mode1	5	Walked	
cdq49reviewvisit4mode2	cdq49reviewvisit4mode2	1	Motor cycle	
cdq49reviewvisit4mode2	cdq49reviewvisit4mode2	2	Motor cycle	
cdq49reviewvisit4mode2	cdq49reviewvisit4mode2	3	Public transport	
cdq49reviewvisit4mode2	cdq49reviewvisit4mode2	4	Tuktuk	
cdq49reviewvisit4mode2	cdq49reviewvisit4mode2	5	Tuktuk	
cdq49reviewvisit4mode3	cdq49reviewvisit4mode3	1	Motor cycle	
cdq49reviewvisit5mode1	cdq49reviewvisit5mode1	1	Bicycle	
cdq49reviewvisit5mode1	cdq49reviewvisit5mode1	2	Motor cycle	
cdq49reviewvisit5mode1	cdq49reviewvisit5mode1	3	Public transport	
cdq49reviewvisit5mode1	cdq49reviewvisit5mode1	4	Walked	
cdq49reviewvisit5mode2	cdq49reviewvisit5mode2	1	Motor cycle	
cdq49reviewvisit6mode1	cdq49reviewvisit6mode1	1	Motor cycle	
cdq49reviewvisit6mode1	cdq49reviewvisit6mode1	2	Public transport	
cdq49reviewvisit6mode1	cdq49reviewvisit6mode1	3	Walked	
cdq49reviewvisit7mode1	cdq49reviewvisit7mode1	1	Public transport	
cdq51initialvisit	cdq51initialvisit	1	No	
cdq51initialvisit	cdq51initialvisit	2	Yes	
cdq51reviewvisit1	cdq51reviewvisit1	1	Yes	
cdq51reviewvisit2	cdq51reviewvisit2	1	Yes	
cdq51reviewvisit3	cdq51reviewvisit3	1	Yes	
cdq51reviewvisit4	cdq51reviewvisit4	1	Yes	
cdq51reviewvisit5	cdq51reviewvisit5	1	Yes	
cdq51reviewvisit6	cdq51reviewvisit6	1	Yes	
cdq51reviewvisit7	cdq51reviewvisit7	1	Yes	
cdq52atimespentwithclinician	cdq52atimespentwithclinician	1	Not satisfied	
cdq52atimespentwithclinician	cdq52atimespentwithclinician	2	Satisfied	
cdq52atimespentwithclinician	cdq52atimespentwithclinician	3	Very satisfied	
cdq52atimespentwithclinician	cdq52atimespentwithclinician	4	Satisfied	
cdq52awaitingtime	cdq52awaitingtime	1	Not satisfied	
cdq52awaitingtime	cdq52awaitingtime	2	Not at all satisfied	
cdq52awaitingtime	cdq52awaitingtime	3	Satisfied	
cdq52awaitingtime	cdq52awaitingtime	4	Very satisfied	
cdq52acourtesyofstaff	cdq52acourtesyofstaff	1	Not satisfied	
cdq52acourtesyofstaff	cdq52acourtesyofstaff	2	Satisfied	
cdq52acourtesyofstaff	cdq52acourtesyofstaff	3	Very satisfied	
cdq52aavailabilityofdrugs	cdq52aavailabilityofdrugs	1	Not satisfied	
cdq52aavailabilityofdrugs	cdq52aavailabilityofdrugs	2	Not at all satisfied	
cdq52aavailabilityofdrugs	cdq52aavailabilityofdrugs	3	Satisfied	
cdq52aavailabilityofdrugs	cdq52aavailabilityofdrugs	4	Very satisfied	
cdq52acleanlinessoffacility	cdq52acleanlinessoffacility	1	Not satisfied	
cdq52acleanlinessoffacility	cdq52acleanlinessoffacility	2	Satisfied	
cdq52acleanlinessoffacility	cdq52acleanlinessoffacility	3	Very satisfied	
cdq52btimespentwithclinician	cdq52btimespentwithclinician	1	Not satisfied	
cdq52btimespentwithclinician	cdq52btimespentwithclinician	2	Satisfied	
cdq52btimespentwithclinician	cdq52btimespentwithclinician	3	Very satisfied	
cdq52btimespentwithclinician	cdq52btimespentwithclinician	4	Satisfied	
cdq52btimespentwithclinician	cdq52btimespentwithclinician	5	Very satisfied	
cdq52bwaitingtime	cdq52bwaitingtime	1	Not satisfied	
cdq52bwaitingtime	cdq52bwaitingtime	2	Not at all satisfied	
cdq52bwaitingtime	cdq52bwaitingtime	3	Satisfied	
cdq52bwaitingtime	cdq52bwaitingtime	4	Very satisfied	
cdq52bcourtesyofstaff	cdq52bcourtesyofstaff	1	Not satisfied	
cdq52bcourtesyofstaff	cdq52bcourtesyofstaff	2	Satisfied	
cdq52bcourtesyofstaff	cdq52bcourtesyofstaff	3	Very satisfied	
cdq52bavailabilityofdrugs	cdq52bavailabilityofdrugs	1	Not satisfied	
cdq52bavailabilityofdrugs	cdq52bavailabilityofdrugs	2	Satisfied	
cdq52bavailabilityofdrugs	cdq52bavailabilityofdrugs	3	Very satisfied	
cdq52bcleanlinessoffacility	cdq52bcleanlinessoffacility	1	Not satisfied	
cdq52bcleanlinessoffacility	cdq52bcleanlinessoffacility	2	Satisfied	
cdq52bcleanlinessoffacility	cdq52bcleanlinessoffacility	3	Very satisfied	
cdq52ctimespentwithclinician	cdq52ctimespentwithclinician	1	Not satisfied	
cdq52ctimespentwithclinician	cdq52ctimespentwithclinician	2	Satisfied	
cdq52ctimespentwithclinician	cdq52ctimespentwithclinician	3	Very satisfied	
cdq52ctimespentwithclinician	cdq52ctimespentwithclinician	4	Satisfied	
cdq52cwaitingtime	cdq52cwaitingtime	1	Not satisfied	
cdq52cwaitingtime	cdq52cwaitingtime	2	Not at all satisfied	
cdq52cwaitingtime	cdq52cwaitingtime	3	Satisfied	
cdq52cwaitingtime	cdq52cwaitingtime	4	Very satisfied	
cdq52ccourtesyofstaff	cdq52ccourtesyofstaff	1	Not satisfied	
cdq52ccourtesyofstaff	cdq52ccourtesyofstaff	2	Satisfied	
cdq52ccourtesyofstaff	cdq52ccourtesyofstaff	3	Very satisfied	
cdq52cavailabilityofdrugs	cdq52cavailabilityofdrugs	1	Not satisfied	
cdq52cavailabilityofdrugs	cdq52cavailabilityofdrugs	2	Satisfied	
cdq52cavailabilityofdrugs	cdq52cavailabilityofdrugs	3	Very satisfied	
cdq52ccleanlinessoffacility	cdq52ccleanlinessoffacility	1	Not satisfied	
cdq52ccleanlinessoffacility	cdq52ccleanlinessoffacility	2	Satisfied	
cdq52ccleanlinessoffacility	cdq52ccleanlinessoffacility	3	Very satisfied	
cdq52dtimespentwithclinician	cdq52dtimespentwithclinician	1	Not satisfied	
cdq52dtimespentwithclinician	cdq52dtimespentwithclinician	2	Satisfied	
cdq52dtimespentwithclinician	cdq52dtimespentwithclinician	3	Very satisfied	
cdq52dtimespentwithclinician	cdq52dtimespentwithclinician	4	Satisfied	
cdq52dwaitingtime	cdq52dwaitingtime	1	Not satisfied	
cdq52dwaitingtime	cdq52dwaitingtime	2	Not at all satisfied	
cdq52dwaitingtime	cdq52dwaitingtime	3	Satisfied	
cdq52dwaitingtime	cdq52dwaitingtime	4	Very satisfied	
cdq52dcourtesyofstaff	cdq52dcourtesyofstaff	1	Not satisfied	
cdq52dcourtesyofstaff	cdq52dcourtesyofstaff	2	Satisfied	
cdq52dcourtesyofstaff	cdq52dcourtesyofstaff	3	Very satisfied	
cdq52davailabilityofdrugs	cdq52davailabilityofdrugs	1	Satisfied	
cdq52davailabilityofdrugs	cdq52davailabilityofdrugs	2	Very satisfied	
cdq52dcleanlinessoffacility	cdq52dcleanlinessoffacility	1	Not satisfied	
cdq52dcleanlinessoffacility	cdq52dcleanlinessoffacility	2	Satisfied	
cdq52dcleanlinessoffacility	cdq52dcleanlinessoffacility	3	Very satisfied	
cdq52etimespentwithclinician	cdq52etimespentwithclinician	1	Satisfied	
cdq52etimespentwithclinician	cdq52etimespentwithclinician	2	Very satisfied	
cdq52etimespentwithclinician	cdq52etimespentwithclinician	3	Satisfied	
cdq52ewaitingtime	cdq52ewaitingtime	1	Not satisfied	
cdq52ewaitingtime	cdq52ewaitingtime	2	Not at all satisfied	
cdq52ewaitingtime	cdq52ewaitingtime	3	Satisfied	
cdq52ewaitingtime	cdq52ewaitingtime	4	Very satisfied	
cdq52ecourtesyofstaff	cdq52ecourtesyofstaff	1	Not satisfied	
cdq52ecourtesyofstaff	cdq52ecourtesyofstaff	2	Satisfied	
cdq52ecourtesyofstaff	cdq52ecourtesyofstaff	3	Very satisfied	
cdq52eavailabilityofdrugs	cdq52eavailabilityofdrugs	1	Satisfied	
cdq52eavailabilityofdrugs	cdq52eavailabilityofdrugs	2	Very satisfied	
cdq52ecleanlinessoffacility	cdq52ecleanlinessoffacility	1	Not satisfied	
cdq52ecleanlinessoffacility	cdq52ecleanlinessoffacility	2	Satisfied	
cdq52ecleanlinessoffacility	cdq52ecleanlinessoffacility	3	Very satisfied	
cdq52ftimespentwithclinician	cdq52ftimespentwithclinician	1	Don't know	
cdq52ftimespentwithclinician	cdq52ftimespentwithclinician	2	Satisfied	
cdq52ftimespentwithclinician	cdq52ftimespentwithclinician	3	Very satisfied	
cdq52fwaitingtime	cdq52fwaitingtime	1	Not satisfied	
cdq52fwaitingtime	cdq52fwaitingtime	2	Satisfied	
cdq52fwaitingtime	cdq52fwaitingtime	3	Very satisfied	
cdq52fcourtesyofstaff	cdq52fcourtesyofstaff	1	Satisfied	
cdq52fcourtesyofstaff	cdq52fcourtesyofstaff	2	Very satisfied	
cdq52favailabilityofdrugs	cdq52favailabilityofdrugs	1	Satisfied	
cdq52favailabilityofdrugs	cdq52favailabilityofdrugs	2	Very satisfied	
cdq52fcleanlinessoffacility	cdq52fcleanlinessoffacility	1	Satisfied	
cdq52fcleanlinessoffacility	cdq52fcleanlinessoffacility	2	Very satisfied	
cdq52gtimespentwithclinician	cdq52gtimespentwithclinician	1	Satisfied	
cdq52gtimespentwithclinician	cdq52gtimespentwithclinician	2	Very satisfied	
cdq52gwaitingtime	cdq52gwaitingtime	1	Satisfied	
cdq52gwaitingtime	cdq52gwaitingtime	2	Very satisfied	
cdq52gcourtesyofstaff	cdq52gcourtesyofstaff	1	Satisfied	
cdq52gcourtesyofstaff	cdq52gcourtesyofstaff	2	Very satisfied	
cdq52gavailabilityofdrugs	cdq52gavailabilityofdrugs	1	Satisfied	
cdq52gavailabilityofdrugs	cdq52gavailabilityofdrugs	2	Very satisfied	
cdq52gcleanlinessoffacility	cdq52gcleanlinessoffacility	1	Satisfied	
cdq52gcleanlinessoffacility	cdq52gcleanlinessoffacility	2	Very satisfied	
cdq52htimespentwithclinician	cdq52htimespentwithclinician	1	Satisfied	
cdq52htimespentwithclinician	cdq52htimespentwithclinician	2	Very satisfied	
cdq52hwaitingtime	cdq52hwaitingtime	1	Satisfied	
cdq52hcourtesyofstaff	cdq52hcourtesyofstaff	1	Satisfied	
cdq52hcourtesyofstaff	cdq52hcourtesyofstaff	2	Very satisfied	
cdq52havailabilityofdrugs	cdq52havailabilityofdrugs	1	Satisfied	
cdq52havailabilityofdrugs	cdq52havailabilityofdrugs	2	Very satisfied	
cdq52hcleanlinessoffacility	cdq52hcleanlinessoffacility	1	Satisfied	
