variable	variable2	values	mappedTerm	
gender	hucs_kenya::gender	1	Male
gender	hucs_kenya::gender	2	Female
site	hucs_kenya::site	3	Kenya
primcare	hucs_kenya::primcare	0	No
primcare	hucs_kenya::primcare	1	Yes
consent	hucs_kenya::consent	0	No
consent	hucs_kenya::consent	1	Yes
status	hucs_kenya::status	1	Conducted
status	hucs_kenya::status	2	Not conducted
reason	hucs_kenya::reason	.	Missing
reason	hucs_kenya::reason	1	Primary caretaker not available
reason	hucs_kenya::reason	2	Refused
reason	hucs_kenya::reason	3	Moved away
reason	hucs_kenya::reason	4	Child died more than 7 days ago
reason	hucs_kenya::reason	5	Cannot locate child
reason	hucs_kenya::reason	9	Other
relationship	hucs_kenya::relationship	.	Missing
relationship	hucs_kenya::relationship	1	Mother
relationship	hucs_kenya::relationship	10	Other relation by blood or marriage
relationship	hucs_kenya::relationship	2	Father
relationship	hucs_kenya::relationship	3	Sister
relationship	hucs_kenya::relationship	4	Brother
relationship	hucs_kenya::relationship	5	Grandmother
relationship	hucs_kenya::relationship	6	Grandfather
relationship	hucs_kenya::relationship	7	Aunt
relationship	hucs_kenya::relationship	8	Uncle
relationship	hucs_kenya::relationship	9	No relation
prim_schl	hucs_kenya::prim_schl	.	Missing
prim_schl	hucs_kenya::prim_schl	1	No formal schooling
prim_schl	hucs_kenya::prim_schl	2	Less than primary
prim_schl	hucs_kenya::prim_schl	3	Completed secondary
prim_schl	hucs_kenya::prim_schl	4	Post-secondary
prim_schl	hucs_kenya::prim_schl	5	Completed primary
prim_schl	hucs_kenya::prim_schl	6	Religious education only
natfl	hucs_kenya::natfl	.	Missing
natfl	hucs_kenya::natfl	1	Earth/Sand
natfl	hucs_kenya::natfl	2	Dung
rudfl	hucs_kenya::rudfl	.	Missing
rudfl	hucs_kenya::rudfl	1	Wood planks
rudfl	hucs_kenya::rudfl	2	Palm/bamboo
finfl	hucs_kenya::finfl	.	Missing
finfl	hucs_kenya::finfl	1	Parquet or polished wood
finfl	hucs_kenya::finfl	2	Vinyl or asphalt strips
finfl	hucs_kenya::finfl	3	Ceramic tile
finfl	hucs_kenya::finfl	4	Cement
finfl	hucs_kenya::finfl	5	Carpet
house_elec	hucs_kenya::house_elec	.	Missing
house_elec	hucs_kenya::house_elec	0	Not selected
house_elec	hucs_kenya::house_elec	1	Selected
house_bike	hucs_kenya::house_bike	.	Missing
house_bike	hucs_kenya::house_bike	0	Not selected
house_bike	hucs_kenya::house_bike	1	Selected
house_phone	hucs_kenya::house_phone	.	Missing
house_phone	hucs_kenya::house_phone	0	Not selected
house_phone	hucs_kenya::house_phone	1	Selected
house_tele	hucs_kenya::house_tele	.	Missing
house_tele	hucs_kenya::house_tele	0	Not selected
house_tele	hucs_kenya::house_tele	1	Selected
house_car	hucs_kenya::house_car	.	Missing
house_car	hucs_kenya::house_car	0	Not selected
house_car	hucs_kenya::house_car	1	Selected
house_cart	hucs_kenya::house_cart	.	Missing
house_cart	hucs_kenya::house_cart	0	Not selected
house_scoot	hucs_kenya::house_scoot	.	Missing
house_scoot	hucs_kenya::house_scoot	0	Not selected
house_scoot	hucs_kenya::house_scoot	1	Selected
house_fridge	hucs_kenya::house_fridge	.	Missing
house_fridge	hucs_kenya::house_fridge	0	Not selected
house_fridge	hucs_kenya::house_fridge	1	Selected
house_agland	hucs_kenya::house_agland	.	Missing
house_agland	hucs_kenya::house_agland	0	Not selected
house_radio	hucs_kenya::house_radio	.	Missing
house_radio	hucs_kenya::house_radio	0	Not selected
house_radio	hucs_kenya::house_radio	1	Selected
house_boat	hucs_kenya::house_boat	.	Missing
house_boat	hucs_kenya::house_boat	0	Not selected
house_boat	hucs_kenya::house_boat	1	Selected
house_none	hucs_kenya::house_none	.	Missing
house_none	hucs_kenya::house_none	0	Not selected 
house_none	hucs_kenya::house_none	1	Selected
drink_breastmilk	hucs_kenya::drink_breastmilk	.	Missing
drink_breastmilk	hucs_kenya::drink_breastmilk	0	No
drink_breastmilk	hucs_kenya::drink_breastmilk	1	Yes
drink_breastmilk	hucs_kenya::drink_breastmilk	9	Don't know
drink_water	hucs_kenya::drink_water	.	Missing
drink_water	hucs_kenya::drink_water	0	No
drink_water	hucs_kenya::drink_water	1	Yes
drink_water	hucs_kenya::drink_water	9	Don't know
other_fooddrink	hucs_kenya::other_fooddrink	.	Missing
other_fooddrink	hucs_kenya::other_fooddrink	0	No
other_fooddrink	hucs_kenya::other_fooddrink	1	Yes
other_fooddrink	hucs_kenya::other_fooddrink	9	Don't know
diarrhea	hucs_kenya::diarrhea	.	Missing
diarrhea	hucs_kenya::diarrhea	0	Diarrhea
diarrhea	hucs_kenya::diarrhea	1	No diarrhea
max_stools	hucs_kenya::max_stools	.	Missing
max_stools	hucs_kenya::max_stools	1	3
max_stools	hucs_kenya::max_stools	2	4 to 5
max_stools	hucs_kenya::max_stools	3	6 to 10
max_stools	hucs_kenya::max_stools	4	More than 10 times per day
drh_fever	hucs_kenya::drh_fever	.	Missing
drh_fever	hucs_kenya::drh_fever	0	No
drh_fever	hucs_kenya::drh_fever	1	Yes
drh_blood	hucs_kenya::drh_blood	.	Missing
drh_blood	hucs_kenya::drh_blood	0	No
drh_blood	hucs_kenya::drh_blood	1	Yes
drh_blood	hucs_kenya::drh_blood	9	Don't know
drh_irritable	hucs_kenya::drh_irritable	.	Missing
drh_irritable	hucs_kenya::drh_irritable	0	No
drh_irritable	hucs_kenya::drh_irritable	1	Yes
drh_irritable	hucs_kenya::drh_irritable	9	Don't know
drh_thirsty	hucs_kenya::drh_thirsty	.	Missing
drh_thirsty	hucs_kenya::drh_thirsty	0	No
drh_thirsty	hucs_kenya::drh_thirsty	1	Yes
drh_thirsty	hucs_kenya::drh_thirsty	9	Don't know
drh_drink	hucs_kenya::drh_drink	.	Missing
drh_drink	hucs_kenya::drh_drink	0	No
drh_drink	hucs_kenya::drh_drink	1	Yes
drh_drink	hucs_kenya::drh_drink	9	Don't know
drh_rice	hucs_kenya::drh_rice	.	Missing
drh_rice	hucs_kenya::drh_rice	0	No
drh_rice	hucs_kenya::drh_rice	1	Yes
drh_rice	hucs_kenya::drh_rice	9	Don't know
drh_lethrgy	hucs_kenya::drh_lethrgy	.	Missing
drh_lethrgy	hucs_kenya::drh_lethrgy	0	No
drh_lethrgy	hucs_kenya::drh_lethrgy	1	Yes
drh_lethrgy	hucs_kenya::drh_lethrgy	9	Don't know
drh_sunkeyes	hucs_kenya::drh_sunkeyes	.	Missing
drh_sunkeyes	hucs_kenya::drh_sunkeyes	0	No
drh_sunkeyes	hucs_kenya::drh_sunkeyes	1	Yes
drh_sunkeyes	hucs_kenya::drh_sunkeyes	9	Don't know
drh_wrksk	hucs_kenya::drh_wrksk	.	Missing
drh_wrksk	hucs_kenya::drh_wrksk	0	No
drh_wrksk	hucs_kenya::drh_wrksk	1	Yes
drh_wrksk	hucs_kenya::drh_wrksk	9	Don't know
vomit	hucs_kenya::vomit	.	Missing
vomit	hucs_kenya::vomit	0	No
vomit	hucs_kenya::vomit	1	Yes
vomit_times	hucs_kenya::vomit_times	.	Missing
vomit_times	hucs_kenya::vomit_times	1	1
vomit_times	hucs_kenya::vomit_times	2	2-4
vomit_times	hucs_kenya::vomit_times	3	5 or more
outcome	hucs_kenya::outcome	.	Missing
outcome	hucs_kenya::outcome	1	Resolved
outcome	hucs_kenya::outcome	2	Improved
outcome	hucs_kenya::outcome	3	Continuing
outcome	hucs_kenya::outcome	4	Worsening
outcome	hucs_kenya::outcome	5	Child died
offr_drink	hucs_kenya::offr_drink	.	Missing
offr_drink	hucs_kenya::offr_drink	1	More than usual
offr_drink	hucs_kenya::offr_drink	2	Usual
offr_drink	hucs_kenya::offr_drink	3	Somewhat less than usual
offr_drink	hucs_kenya::offr_drink	5	Nothing to drink
offr_eat	hucs_kenya::offr_eat	.	Missing
offr_eat	hucs_kenya::offr_eat	1	More than usual
offr_eat	hucs_kenya::offr_eat	2	Usual
offr_eat	hucs_kenya::offr_eat	3	Less than usual
offr_eat	hucs_kenya::offr_eat	4	Nothing to eat
seekcare	hucs_kenya::seekcare	.	Missing
seekcare	hucs_kenya::seekcare	0	No
seekcare	hucs_kenya::seekcare	1	Yes
seek_friend	hucs_kenya::seek_friend	.	Missing
seek_friend	hucs_kenya::seek_friend	0	Not selected
seek_friend	hucs_kenya::seek_friend	1	Selected
seek_healer	hucs_kenya::seek_healer	.	Missing
seek_healer	hucs_kenya::seek_healer	0	Not selected
seek_healer	hucs_kenya::seek_healer	1	Selected
seek_ctr1	hucs_kenya::seek_ctr1	.	Missing
seek_ctr1	hucs_kenya::seek_ctr1	0	Not selected
seek_ctr1	hucs_kenya::seek_ctr1	1	Selected
seek_ctr2	hucs_kenya::seek_ctr2	.	Missing
seek_ctr2	hucs_kenya::seek_ctr2	0	Not selected
seek_ctr2	hucs_kenya::seek_ctr2	1	Selected
seek_ctr3	hucs_kenya::seek_ctr3	.	Missing
seek_ctr3	hucs_kenya::seek_ctr3	0	Not selected
seek_ctr3	hucs_kenya::seek_ctr3	1       Selected
seek_remedy	hucs_kenya::seek_remedy	.	Missing
seek_remedy	hucs_kenya::seek_remedy	0	Not selected
seek_remedy	hucs_kenya::seek_remedy	1	Selected
seek_pharmacy	hucs_kenya::seek_pharmacy	.	Missing
seek_pharmacy	hucs_kenya::seek_pharmacy	0	Not selected
seek_pharmacy	hucs_kenya::seek_pharmacy	1	Selected
seek_doctor	hucs_kenya::seek_doctor	.	Missing
seek_doctor	hucs_kenya::seek_doctor	0	Not selected
seek_doctor	hucs_kenya::seek_doctor	1	Selected
seek_unlicdoc	hucs_kenya::seek_unlicdoc	.	Missing
seek_unlicdoc	hucs_kenya::seek_unlicdoc	0	Not selected
seek_unlicdoc	hucs_kenya::seek_unlicdoc	1	Selected
seek_other	hucs_kenya::seek_other	.	Missing
seek_other	hucs_kenya::seek_other	0	Not selected
seek_other	hucs_kenya::seek_other	1	Selected
hosp_advise	hucs_kenya::hosp_advise	.	Missing
hosp_advise	hucs_kenya::hosp_advise	0	No
hosp_advise	hucs_kenya::hosp_advise	1	Yes
admit	hucs_kenya::admit	.	Missing
admit	hucs_kenya::admit	0	No
admit	hucs_kenya::admit	1	Yes
recommend_iv	hucs_kenya::recommend_iv	.	Missing
recommend_iv	hucs_kenya::recommend_iv	0	Not selected
recommend_iv	hucs_kenya::recommend_iv	1	Selected
rec_ivfluid	hucs_kenya::rec_ivfluid	.	Missing
rec_ivfluid	hucs_kenya::rec_ivfluid	0	Not selected
rec_ivfluid	hucs_kenya::rec_ivfluid	1	Selected
rec_homemade	hucs_kenya::rec_homemade	.	Missing
rec_homemade	hucs_kenya::rec_homemade	0	Not selected
rec_homemade	hucs_kenya::rec_homemade	1	Selected
rec_ors	hucs_kenya::rec_ors	.	Missing
rec_ors	hucs_kenya::rec_ors	0	No
rec_ors	hucs_kenya::rec_ors	1	At home
rec_ors	hucs_kenya::rec_ors	2	At the health center
rec_ors	hucs_kenya::rec_ors	3	Both
rec_zinc	hucs_kenya::rec_zinc	.	Missing
rec_zinc	hucs_kenya::rec_zinc	0	No
no_treatment	hucs_kenya::no_treatment	.	Missing
no_treatment	hucs_kenya::no_treatment	0	Not selected
no_treatment	hucs_kenya::no_treatment	1	Selected
dpt1	hucs_kenya::dpt1	.	Missing
dpt1	hucs_kenya::dpt1	0	No
dpt1	hucs_kenya::dpt1	1	Yes
dpt1	hucs_kenya::dpt1	9	Don't know
dpt2	hucs_kenya::dpt2	.	Missing
dpt2	hucs_kenya::dpt2	0	No
dpt2	hucs_kenya::dpt2	1	Yes
dpt2	hucs_kenya::dpt2	9	Don't know
dpt3	hucs_kenya::dpt3	.	Missing
dpt3	hucs_kenya::dpt3	0	No
dpt3	hucs_kenya::dpt3	1	Yes
dpt3	hucs_kenya::dpt3	9	Don't know
rot1	hucs_kenya::rot1	.	Missing
rot1	hucs_kenya::rot1	0	No
rot1	hucs_kenya::rot1	1	Yes
rot1	hucs_kenya::rot1	9	Don't know
rot2	hucs_kenya::rot2	.	Missing
rot2	hucs_kenya::rot2	0	No
rot2	hucs_kenya::rot2	1	Yes
rot2	hucs_kenya::rot2	9	Don't know
opv1	hucs_kenya::opv1	.	Missing
opv1	hucs_kenya::opv1	0	No
opv1	hucs_kenya::opv1	1	Yes
opv1	hucs_kenya::opv1	9	Don't know
opv2	hucs_kenya::opv2	.	Missing
opv2	hucs_kenya::opv2	0	No
opv2	hucs_kenya::opv2	1	Yes
opv2	hucs_kenya::opv2	9	Don't know
opv3	hucs_kenya::opv3	.	Missing
opv3	hucs_kenya::opv3	0	No
opv3	hucs_kenya::opv3	1	Yes
opv3	hucs_kenya::opv3	9	Don't know
agegroup	hucs_kenya::agegroup	1	
agegroup	hucs_kenya::agegroup	2	
agegroup	hucs_kenya::agegroup	3	
round	hucs_kenya::round	.	Missing
round	hucs_kenya::round	1	Round 1
round	hucs_kenya::round	2	Round 2
round	hucs_kenya::round	3	Round 3
round	hucs_kenya::round	4	Round 4
round	hucs_kenya::round	5	Round 5
round	hucs_kenya::round	6	Round 6
vax_card	hucs_kenya::vax_card	.	Missing
vax_card	hucs_kenya::vax_card	0	No
vax_card	hucs_kenya::vax_card	1	Yes
vax_card	hucs_kenya::vax_card	2	2
